okay okay okay okay okay
okay
okay okay nonsense
okay okay okay okay
okay okay
okay
okay okay okay
okay okay so I don't know how we're
going to do this cuz we still need to
test this out but like I just don't know
how we're going to do this
because let's just get tilt done and
then we'll worry about the
uh the rest of
it and
I
think I want
to yeah let's just get started well
actually
wait they do have standard
content oh wait hold
[Music]
on oh
okay that's
[Music]
fine standard content bolts and screws
okay I'm curious to see if it'll handle
the gearhub thing cuz in infusion the
gear Hub since it's uh curve I imagine
it doesn't handle it
okay so what are we doing let's just
start how do we want to do this we kind
of want to copy it and do it again
right so you're want to take top plate
top
assembly we going to take top plate
which has this on
it we sort of want to make a new one but
copy copy a good amount of it I don't
know how that's going to
work I'm going to copy everything except
this part so maybe can I just do
this
duplicate nice then we rename this top
oops top plate tilt okay so now all we
have to do is we have to
take this part and we just delete
it okay it adds it parametrically so I
want to delete all these sketches too
though
okay
cool
[Music]
um all right so this is symmetric so
basically what we want to do is know the
distance between here and here and this
should be
200 okay
um oh because it's 100 to here so this
is actually the distance that we have so
oh man after you haven't done parametric
modeling for like uh two days you're
just like wait how the hell did I even
do this thing
anymore but okay so I think we should
just design half of
it and then
mirror well okay so let's just see what
it's going to look like
so
um so what I'm imagining so let's just
do this so we're going to do new sketch
normal okay what I'm imagining is oops
is you draw a rectangle
like this well actually no you want it
to be
oh something like this and
then um well we want to Maxim well this
is going to be
low so hold on how do I select the
profile
though I thought it was right click do I
shift
click there we go right click select
select other this and then this and then
we ex oh
shoot select
wait but we want to make this a
new okay so now we have the mounting
holes the idea is that then on
here uh we have a we have a rectangle
like
this and then this I think it doesn't it
have to be
seven I think it needs to be seven
because of the bearing width so I'm
pretty sure that this need to be a uh
bearing
wall it's going to be uh
seven I'm pretty sure that's right but I
honestly I don't
remember okay and then isn't that fully
def well if I if I do this isn't this
fully defined let's just make this
50 um okay so now it's fully defined so
now we can select this we extrude this
by
like uh uh tilt
Wall height and uh what what was it I
don't actually remember how tall it is
so maybe we should open up
fusion um I just want to get these parts
printed and do a
test but I don't even know why I'm doing
this cuz I really should just do the
electronics but I really want it to tilt
because that's so much
cooler so um if we open this up
oh what what the
hell oh I do want to know what's new
even though this isn't this isn't even
my tool of choice anymore I want to know
what they're doing yeah this is the
thing though this is what I
like sometimes in the morning I have 1
half hour 2 half hour and I will eat a b
chocolate and smoke a cigarette uh this
is the thing though so this is this is
what we do this is this is what we do uh
come to the used
hos Sim Fe I think it's that wait no
that's pan only what what am I doing oh
it's so hard to manage versions version
dude that's that's actually the that's
actually like probably one of the main
things that I still have yet to because
I've never I've coll with people on code
before but I've never collaborated on a
cad thing where there's like changes and
stuff like that so
um is it this it might be
this okay
yeah so what we wanted to know was the
length of this this 120 yeah we made it
so tall hold on I'll be
[Music]
back
e
e e
so 120 I don't even know if we should do
that
um right so we only used two bolts there
yeah let's see what's new I'll watch it
I'll watch
it 17 minutes welcome to the what's new
in aut Fusion for September video in
this update we're excited to showcase
the latest features and enhancements our
team has been working on for the past
couple months let's dive in and explore
what's new first up we've personalized a
user experience based on your intent of
using the product you can choose from
Three core personas design ecad or
manufacturing each of these provides
tailor recommendations for tasks that
are related to that specific role this
empowers new users with ways to work
smarter and achieve their goals faster
let your eyeballs Rejoice we've heard
your feedback and have made a barable to
launch your favorite design make tool
for those late nights when inspiration
suddenly stries we'll admit the previous
loading stream was a bit intense but we
see you and your eyes will see better as
well with a new launch experience the
active design and hub names are now
displayed in application title which is
visible wait but they still don't have a
dark is active as well as in the past
bar preview this makes it easier to know
you're working on the right data for the
right teams for those participating in
our Insider program the application now
has a dedicated spash screen title bar
loading screen login and iPhone this
makes it easier to distinguish between
each and quickly switch between testing
and production environments yeah and
collaboration you likely work in teams
so getting everyone on the same page is
critical we've added some great
functionality in this area to streamline
the product devel process and help make
better decisions faster here are a few
of our favorite highlights in the design
and drawing work spaces users can now
navigate to the project and folder
location of the design or drawing in the
data panel when right clicking on the
designer drawing in the designer drawing
tree the show and location option has
been added and opens the data panel then
navigates the user to the file location
within the project of the F structure
this will greatly save time finding data
for projects that have a lot of
components in files in the fusion Home
tab the user experience for handing file
folder and project related actions has
been improved and now takes into account
the permissions of the user within a
certain project and folder and then
shows the only available commands while
keeping other spr out when hovering over
an unvailable action the user is
notified about the lack of permissions
and to reach out to the administrator to
adjust their role this enhances security
and makes collaboration more transparent
Autodesk has been making some changes to
the way we manage cloud data so that
your projects will support future
updates to your Fusion Hub as a reminder
you can upgrade your Fusion single user
storage to take advantage of a fully
this is boring stuff all this is
boring okay
um so let's
see let's just make
it let's just make it
um uh just make it 70 who
cares 70 that's like going to be way too
short right well let's see
how low we can make it what does it
actually look like that's the thing that
I don't even
remember oh yeah we had to make it so
tall because of those but this is going
to sit on top so
actually okay so the first thing
is should we just add the stepper motor
in here well we can't right that's the
thing is like for bottom plate for in
instance there's no motor here it's only
in the bottom assembly that the motor is
okay so what we want to do is we just
want to
draw we just want to draw this the
circles um in here because I don't want
to do the edit in context thing because
I feel like editting context is going to
lead me down a bad Road
so there needs to be a circle here and
this circle is going to
be uh it's a
stepper um Notch IAM stepper Notch
hole okay great so we have this and this
is going to go all the way through right
and then we're going to have like four
holes so wait first off we need to make
this distance proper
here to
here and this needs to be
um uh
stepper well okay hold on what is the
stepper width can we just go to the
stepper do we just have the stepper or
is it called like oh no yeah we have
it so let's open that up so if we wanted
to go from from here to here it's
42.3 is it
like
okay so then what is is this the center
point well we just divide it in two so
stepper uh stepper width is
42 okay so we'll just Define a um oh
wait wait we've been doing it the wrong
way I keep forgetting that the way that
you actually do this is you have to go
to variable studio and you have to wait
a million years
for to to
load stepper shft
Center vertical dist mounting hole yeah
okay so stepper wait do we have stepper
width is there a 42.3 in here okay no so
there's not so this is going to be
stepper width
and it's actually
320 not to be a little pantic but
okay
um that would be interesting if the
input form had like Precision
tracking Ian if you were in mathematic I
would just do it okay so that's great so
now but we need to copy over those other
things so where where are we working
here we're working on this
and we need to
copy tilt wall height and bearing wall
so we're going to take these two things
going to we're going to finish the
sketch going to take these two things
and delete
them wait wait actually I want to undo
that I want to do bearing wall and tilt
wall
height bearing wall
thickness and what was the other one
tilt wall
height dude I don't like that it's wait
what was this other thing
oh that's kind of random I feel like I
feel like I don't want any parameters in
my in my part Studio I feel like I want
them all in variable
Studio but maybe I'm using it wrong I
actually don't know okay s and 70
dude this this
is my top most annoyed features are just
the fact that it Scrolls you down every
time and you have to reload the page
like I want to just keep this open I
wonder if I can do this I haven't tried
this feature open a new browser tab so
now this is just always open and I can
just like switch between it and
hopefully it will just like stay at the
bottom okay so okay that seems
good okay now we
can go to this and delete these and we
need to take this
sketch uh yeah can we go normal to it
and then do
this great
Okay cool so now um is that M4 I
actually don't remember I'm pretty sure
I I'm pretty sure we do put m4s in
there
3.2 okay but it has to be
15 uh stepper
wait
what how is that over
constrained oh is this on some sort of
weird coincidence oh that's probably
what happened so let's undo let's just
delete this
circle uh stepper just to
okay
then is that right that's not
right no way
right wait what is the width of this
thing 65 that's way more than it was
before yeah that's goofy AF I mean this
is like 50 I think I'm pretty sure we
designed this just to be the
yeah which looks is going to look way
better this is going to be look look
crazy like
why whatever I mean it's fine it's not
it's not the biggest
deal okay fine but then this needs to be
M3
hole and I'm sort of worried because I
think we did m fours actually for this
it's kind of funny because this whole
function of drawing this sketch on this
face is something that's
duplicated but anyway so we're going to
take this and we're actually going to do
an a circular
pattern uh around and then wait how do
we
select oh so we need to move this to
here and then we need to I I kind of
don't love this UI
but all right so I'm pretty sure that
that's it but is this fully
constrained okay I guess it
is um I'm just trying to remember I
think that there was some specific
wasn't there
like if I turn off so this is going to
be in
Pitch can you turn off the ster oh yeah
so oh but I was just going to have it go
all the way through what's the advantage
of having it not go all the way through
I feel like there's none I feel like
there's no reason we need to do
that why not just make it go all the way
through and can I I actually want to
inspect from here to here
oh 5.66 can we just double check that we
actually get that here
too
oh why is it selecting what is that
what even is
that wa hide other sketches did not even
hide other sketches great okay what I
want to know from here to here
5.3 is a
5.6 that's not I mean that's what that's
third of a mill a meter
oh that's just cuz we haven't tuned this
yet this needs to be um stepper
width over
two and so now we should okay now we're
like literally the exact same so that's
perfect
um so that's that so we can take this
this
oops wait can I just do if I select
oh you can't select sketch features
really I was kind of hoping to be able
to just select all
these remove up to
next
great
um the interesting thing is that maybe
we will have
to I don't know how we're going to do
this because the mirror
I mean it's it's very janky
to have like
um a
mirr and then you like make a change I
don't really like that but okay so let's
just um so we need to keep working on
this though um and what we want
is I mean right now I I really am just
playing it blind so this needs to be
okay we don't have any so this is going
to be oh so we have to go to there this
is going to be bearing
um whole
OD baring hole does that even make
sense how do you how do you what is the
way to
name that this is the width of the whole
that a bearing is going to be put into
I think this is fine so this is going to
be so wait so what we want is do we
really have no bearing stuff that's
weird I thought I thought I did so this
is going to be bearing
OD let's let's let's let's be specific I
mean no let's not be specific we only
have one bearing I only have one bearing
so this is
22 and then
bearing ID I'm pretty sure that this is
eight and then
bearing well yeah why are we making this
can we just rename this the bearing
thickness is it call it depth maybe
bearing depth whatever this is a good
name for
it so wait uh let's just ask 608 bearing
dims 822 and 7 yeah Okay
cool so um so we have that so we want so
then we we want a variable for
bearing whole uh negative
clearance I think I want to fix
my my bit rate because it's too high I
think so I we've historically done this
so now we're going to move
this and it's going to be
bearing OD
minus
bearing what oh my
gosh okay great so now we can do this
weing pole
Dam and then is this and
this
vertical wait why did that constrain
it oh vertical
oh okay so now this should be able to
move up and down but not left and right
okay and then
Well it can't be if you were to draw a
line like
this so this this can't move I guess you
can move it out no no no this needs to
be
tangent tangent requires two curves one
of which is must not be a
line how do you specify that
it's oh wait oh that it has this
vertical constraint right
oh yeah you just do this wait now it's
locked in place so this thing cannot be
but but realistically you actually want
it to be even
more but that's like the Min that's like
the maximum or whatever it's the bare
minimum okay so what's next we need to
put a hole here
and we need to figure out where it
goes you kind of want it as low as
possible
honestly there actually wait can we just
midpoint it can can we say that this is
in the middle of these
two wait so why don't I just draw a
line like
this and then I say this and this
so delete this take this point and this
point and then we say midpoint
how do you do
it I don't know why that's
um
resolvable okay the distance between
here and here is 31.6
for if I just click on it do I copy that
okay that's nice
so so let's just do this
I mean that's pretty janky
but right now this is sort of our first
draft this is just a uh a rough draft oh
crap okay great so now we can take so we
can finish sketch these are already done
we just need to add this profile to
it am I doing this right
yeah I
am and now the question is
[Music]
um okay
wait if you do a mirror can you do a
mirror where you oh part mirror yeah you
can do a feature mirror so you could
actually
do and then the mid
plane just going to be
wait why didn't that
work oh let's try this
thing oh that's great and now we have
two parts here and we'll just do a
combine at the end I
guess but okay so now what I want to
know is between here and here how much
distance we have we have 212 that's
actually significantly more than I think
we had I think before the inner distance
was like 50 or
something 170 so we have 40 more
millimeters so that means that we're
going to have plenty of clearance too
well we can also make the flywheel
bigger which is great
news okay
no but these actually are two separate
parts so we do want them as two separate
parts we don't combine I don't know what
I'm talking about but now we want to
design and I feel like I just want to do
this in a new part
Studio I don't know there's advantage
and disadvantage oh wait we actually do
need okay so what I want to do is I want
to take
this and I want to undo this
then but then I want to do a separate
thing where I take this and extrude it
as a new Extrusion
remove um up to next and now we have
this now I want to move this down here
and I want to take this and I also want
to mirror this
Extrusion because now we have the
bearing damn that's so productive that's
really really
nice so um so now all we need is
basically all right so I'm going to do a
new part Studio
and uh we're just going to make this the
uh tilt
holder and uh
basically uh this is what it's going to
look
like how do we want to do this do we
want to do it from the side profile
maybe maybe that's a good
idea oh do we want to also add
um not to get distracted but do we want
to we probably want to
add counter boore
here honestly I could go either way I
feel like it's not even that
important oh and
this this could we do what what is this
this is
six we could well we we can't really
change that but I
think well we can't really change that
but actually no this is probably a part
where we
want dude putting these drone Motors on
this tilt thing I I don't know if the
stepper motor is going to be able to
hold it in place I feel like
everything's going to come
loose but there's only one way to really
find well there's only one dumb way to
find out and it's to find out the smart
way is to do a bunch of
math so okay so here's what what I what
I'm thinking let's yeah let's do a front
profile
sketch and basically what we
want
is so
so if I put a d on here okay and this
going to be gray okay perfect all right
um uh wait so what what
actually I can't click on this Dimension
which is kind of annoying actually
that's one thing that that Fusion has
kind of down is that it implicitly makes
for every number that you make it makes
a dimension I I feel like they must do
that under the hood too honestly but
they don't let
you whatever but we don't really need to
concern oursel with that now this um
this we want to
be now that's the hard Dimension because
let's see so if you take
we want there to be okay so maybe maybe
what I should do first is go to so let's
go to this and we're going to copy this
and we're going to delete the
um we're going to delete most of this or
maybe I should just start again I don't
know yeah I could just start again
so yeah basically what I want to get
down is the
gear and I feel like I'm kind of happy
with like I feel like the fewer unique
parts that I have the better in a way so
if we could just copy
I think small gear is actually in its
own I don't think big gear is but I
think small gear is so I'm pretty sure
that we can just add that so okay so
what I want to do is just make a new
assembly
file and just start to get something
down so this assembly is going to
be uh top and
tilt I we don't need I should should
just learn this symbol this symbol means
assembly okay so the first thing we need
to do is insert top plate
tilt okay the next thing we need to do
is insert a
stepper what oh it's an
assembly okay then we want to can I just
move this oh wait is this grounded
is it fixed we want wait why can't I
move
it oh we can move it I don't know why
this didn't
work all right whatever so now we want
to do a mate and we want to do a mate
between uh this face yeah this
face
and
um
well it's not exactly going to be that
face oh is that why I did the little
indentation no we could just do this
flip
it and then all we need to do is I
think I think that's actually fine I
think that's what we
wanted
great and it's going to hang out like
it's going to hang off a bunch but this
with four bolts is definitely going to
be strong enough so I'm not too worried
about that the thing I am worried about
is I did
not oh it's because yeah so see I did
not account for this but okay so in wait
hold on where is the oh yeah it just
defaults you into a new f
it so the weird thing about this is um
okay so we need to go back
to uh we need to go back to I think this
sketch and we need to delete this
because cuz that's no good but we do
want a
line want it to be like that and we want
the distance from here
to here to be a a uh not solenoid but a
stepper
width okay because that is going to
be then we want to make this a
Q and so this is the line can you add a
comment to this I wonder if you can
no maybe you can add a comment to a
feature oh yeah you can add a comment to
a feature but you cannot add a comment
to a specific sketch
entity that's fine okay so
now
e e
okay I totally forgot but I remember now
what drives the height of this uh I
remember what drives the height of this
and it's the uh it's the gears so if you
take the pitch diameters and sum them
up I forget exactly but I think
it's 80 I'm pretty sure it's 80 because
it's
a 130 over 2 is
65 65
plus is that a 3 to
Gear small gear
alt alt T oh that's so nice but it
doesn't bring you to the search does it
that's so
stupid it should just put you in the
search I feel
like so this thing is 15 teeth but it's
a module of two so it's pitch diameter
is
30 it's 15 teth for some reason a 25 was
coming to my
so it yeah so it's 65 + 15 so it's 80 so
what we need
is so I'm pretty sure what I want to do
and this is just going to be an
improvement but it's probably not going
to be the perfect but this
height is going to be first we need to
move it
down and it needs to
be uh
um I think we probably have a parameter
for it let me just search up 80 we don't
have a parameter for
80 can we go to the bottom plate
sketches okay so if we look at this
feature dude it's so fast it's so fast
to find what you're looking for that's
the best part okay so wait but how did
this get placed is this a tangency
thing I feel like that's random as
hell it is 80 but it's a it's not
constrained by
that okay well why don't I just
add okay well let's look up gear in here
there's probably a bunch
of seep gear
clearance gear depth pitch gear big gear
pitch diameter small gear pitch diameter
okay there we go so
um so
uh what we could just do is uh we just
make this big gear pitch that pitch
diameter is it outer diameter or pitch
diameter no it's definitely pitch
diameter because you want them to mesh
so then this so first we got to go back
then we do plus small gear pitch
diameter over two plus stepper width
over
two and then like plus 20
randomly and of course oh yeah dude this
is the this is also one of the worst
features is it's freaking parser so you
go back to this and you go back
to top plate
tilt okay so that looks a lot closer
what what is that that's
okay great great great great that's fine
okay so now we want to go to this
Assemble though and we want to add the
stepper the stepper in now we want to
add small
gear oh
yeah does M5 work I'm trying to think
I'm pretty sure with it being midpoint
at M5 actually is like totally normal
that's so cool though that you can put
the configuration in that's actually so
nice dude configuration are like such a
pro Strat they're just
necessary wait why did this
add what the heck is
that what what is
that what small gear
That's So
Random wait I'm so
confused you oh you can add
sketches oh my gosh that's so
cool cuz yeah I mean sketches not
being okay but I'm so confused why is
small gear
being
weird this literally is
not I changed the configuration right
and it still was
weird did I just like forget to save it
or something like what is going on here
something very silly is happening and I
don't know
why should I just refresh
it is this a
bug cuz like why is it just a block
oh there we go okay yeah that was
random so wait let me undo that okay so
we want to take this we just want to
move it up and now we want to um mate
this we want to
mate uh how do we want to do this I'm
pretty sure okay wait let let me think
about this cuz what is the distance
between here and here that's 7 and then
this is 19 I'm almost positive that the
thickness of this thing is
19 so it's not going to stick
out
um that should be fine though so but
what we need though is we just need to
make sure that the okay we just need to
make sure the mate is right so it's
going to be
this and it's going to be
um how do we get this right it's going
to be this
circle then we need to flip
it and then yeah see how it's in by two
m m millimeters
if I click on this face and type end
does it do what I want that's
nice oh
wait that's great yeah I I should
there's probably a feature to do that in
Fusion too
okay great great great okay so now
basically
this uh defines
so it's actually going to be what what
what was it it was like
a
uh oh
wait um this minus 2 *
174 but we need
okay so let's just try to design tilt
holder
so this we want to be like that
maybe
um what is not right here
oh so first off Q this thing and take
this and this and type I and now it's
fully defined okay so now we want to
take this profile and we want to I want
to take this profile and extrude it
by now that's a good question
um it's so
tall it's so
tall I feel like we could do like a
direct drive thing honestly but so
um do we have a parameter for yeah I me
the parameter reverse search would be
great um what we need to go to is the
top
assembly we just need to look at
this that's
68 I'm pretty sure I might have a
parameter for
that yeah y only bracket width so that's
where we're going to make
it so when we go back
to tilt
holder this is going to be
okay and now we just need
to
um so wait but this outer one is
actually the one that we wanted to
Define so I kind of did it wrong so uh
when we go back to the sketch we want to
delete
this we want to make
this uh whatever it was
okay
um yeah I wonder if there's an easy way
to
just uh
copy that
sketch okay wait can I just um
so what are we doing here we
are I believe
wait what's up with that wait what's up
with
this that's this oh yeah
so what's um
okay sure make it
90 so what's still wrong
here
oh this is going to be that
Nerf or that yaw
okay now what there was another sketch
that was IL
defined
oh wait what is this thing what the hell
is this
thing so let's just Define
this wait can we Define that
because um right so what we actually
need is that the distance between here
and here is
um big gear pitch diameter plus small
gear pitch
diameter over
two and that can't be solved why can't
that be solved because this and this we
delete great so that's perfect
so
then how does that tell us
though see okay wait so this is all good
but the thing that's not all good is
that if we go to this I feel like
there's no reason why this needs to be
that same height like did I just
arbitrary pick
70 in this sketch what is it that is
telling me to do
70 because all right let me get a pen
and paper just so I can start to um oh
yeah
okay I need to yeah
okay so let me get my
pen
actually low key I I'm like getting into
pencils getting into pencils again kind
of like it okay okay so let's look at
the side profile
of top and tilt yeah okay
so you really don't even need it to
be
like
70 let's just do it with
like uh 30 or something
okay so wait
uh uh yeah so we want to go to variable
studio and we want to
say um tilt holder height what why is
this preventing me from doing
anything hello hello
dude on shape sometimes poops
itself dude what is going on
man okay there we go is this one working
now this one just doesn't work okay this
is going to be the tilt tilt Boulder
height and we are just going to make
this 30
arbitrarily and now we can go back to
this we can change this to 30 oh wait uh
no no we're going to change this to 30
and we can change this to uh tilt holder
height plus
wall wait
no the height no it's the other way
around I messed this up
tilt holder height minus
wall
great this seems kind of oh wait
actually it's fine he's fine so we're
going to sketch on here then we're going
to make a circle and we don't get a
midpoint which is really freaking
annoying okay here's I think the here
okay so I've been try I was thinking
about it while I was driving recently
and I think the way to get fast midpoint
is you go like
this I think that's the fastest way to
do
midpoint because you don't have to click
Escape so you add this extra line in
here and you just don't care that
there's an extra line there um because
otherwise you have to do like this you
have to go
line Escape
line and it's just like kind of annoying
because you have to use your
keyboard but if you
do it's four clicks but you don't have
to use your
keyboard whatever it's it's it's really
nonsense
okay so now we need this to
be uh we need to make a
variable uh
bearing ID
clearance and I think you know what we
should check because
I 7.8 we did make it0 2
I mean it can't be loose in there so
let's make it0 2 also I mean if it
worked it
worked uh
okay they're the same but they could be
different so I'll leave it like that so
okay let's go back to the uh tilt
holder so this needs to
be bearing
ID minus bearing ID D
clearance
great and then we're going to extrude
this and the amount that we extrude this
is important oh and we're also going to
need to let me think about how we're
going to do this I think what I want to
do is I'm going to the Gear goes on here
right the gear slots into here and it's
going to be two separate parts but I'm
going to add holes
here um probably just two maybe I'll do
four um
but basically we're going to do threaded
inserts again because threaded inserts
are the
best um now the question
is okay well the question is is this
going to work okay so let's draw another
Circle or let's do it like this
maybe and maybe we should just copy yeah
so let's make it an M uh oh wait
I'm trying to think because the threaded
inserts holes what if I just search for
threaded we have M thread insert but we
don't have depths here we have the
diameters but we don't have the
depths
d right the the inverse clear oh yeah
negative clearance is 02 so that means
that if we have a
um M4 we make it
3.8 wait no we don't
oh no but see like but the the yeah okay
but the OD is two more than the than the
inner diameter so that's
fine so we could do we could do that cuz
that's probably good the only thing is
that those M4 let me see what part I
have dude there's actually a huge
opportunity to make this easier by just
like cataloging all the parts that I
have because then I don't have to go
look then I just have it
digitally I mean if you were a real shop
you would have an inventory and you
would just like
know and it would all get worked out
okay I'm going to go check out
um it does it does mean that you
whatever I don't know you could if you
really wanted to like if I really wanted
to make it so that anyone could build
this and not have to modify the thing I
would I would make configurations based
on what parts people like are likely to
have like I could make this self-tapping
again but I feel like that's like
unnecessary like really if you're going
to be doing this kind of stuff you
should just buy threaded inserts cuz
it's clearly like such a useful thing to
have oh so we have m4x 4x6 so we could
do
that it won't go all the way
through we could just make this
six H I kind of like keeping it so we're
going to do
that uh and then we're going to make the
distance between here let's see what did
I make the distance on bottom
plate I love that I can just um wait is
it bottom plate no no no it's top
plate
um can I just look at this
sketch it's not
that um hide motor mount um
I wish there was a hotkey to just
deselect
because Center distance is 20 yeah we'll
make it 20 do we need a hub on this
thing I feel like we didn't oh I feel
like we actually do have a small
Hub oh yeah but it's built into this
thing
okay
e
e e
okay so yeah so there's a little Hub
there but there's actually no
reason for that because it's going to be
attached to
it okay
okay all right
so 20 is probably too
big
um tilt
holder is that even a
parameter wait if I go to uh top
plate it would be really really cool is
if it could like figure out what sketch
that's a part
of oh I think it's that
sketch sketch no
sketch can I oh you can filter by type
dude that's so
cool that is so cool
dude on shape is actually really
nice
um okay uh I don't care though let's
just make
this actually we can make it 20 wait do
we have a 20 though if there's a
variable I might as well use
it y only stand height that's the only
one
so is that arbitrary can we actually all
right I guess I guess I actually want to
find the
sketch no
it okay
um see the funny thing is the easiest
thing here to do is not a mirror but a
circular take this move this here make
this two
[Music]
um okay so now
these but now the question is
this this comes out but how much does it
come out by
well and one feature that I want to add
actually is I wna because we're going to
have more
room I'm going to want space I want to
I'm going to have something that locks
it in something with a little set screw
that takes the so okay if the distance
between uh wait hold
on the distance between here is
174 then we want this to be like
19 plus
wall oh but that's a that that length
seven so we want this to be so let's
take
this what the
hell okay so we want this to be is it 17
no it's going to be
19 so it's going to
be
um
uh bearing pillar or wait tilt bearing
pillar tilt holder bearing
pillar
link and this is going to
be small
gear depth
the only reason why we had this I think
is that then it's less likely that this
gear gets caught but I think I'm going
to just try to not deal with that so
small gear
depth uh plus seven right
and that gets us flush to the
end
uh okay so now what I want to do is go
to this and
insert this and I think though that oh
wait um all right that's okay we're
going to mirror both of those features
well we're going to mirror one of those
features but we're going to make a mate
of this onto the center of that but we
want it to actually be no wait wait wait
can I delete this wait can I just do it
again we're going to
make
this to the center of
this great and then we just need
to
uh flip it and then we want it to be
actually a revolute and then can we
simulate can we play this okay so that's
exactly what we
want and so let's do that and now what
we want to do is make sure that the the
distance between these two that's 23 17
plus 7 so it's one off is that
true this is flush but this is 23 but 17
plus 7 is 24 so I think it's going to be
off by
one trying to figure that out
um but okay so we should just be able
to it would be really cool if we could
just in top plate
we should be able to
just I wonder if you could just take
this whatever it doesn't really well
let's
see these are all parameters though
right so let's just make it again I
think so I'm going to go to tilt holder
or actually
let's
see Happ
tilt
um I guess I am going to do this so I'm
going to make a
gear this is the depth is going to be
gear
depth the teeth count is going to be big
gear wait what
does this work again no I it's just
broken
Big Ear tooth
count let's move this way up to Big gear
outer diameter oh
wait oh wait but this is not tooth count
this is just a
number do we have module I thought we
have module too yeah we do have a
module we have the addendum okay so we
just need um so then small small gear
tooth count and this is going to be
15 all this is going to be a number
that's going to be
15 and um so now when I go back
to is it
this yeah so then number of teeth big
gear tooth
count the um module is
module the pressure angle this is all
good and then no Center
boore we're going to make the center
board what like 8.2
probably that sounds
good let me check this
one if
we
hide
the if we take
this and just press
V or this and just press
v wait that's
7.8 that's really tight yeah there's no
way I'm going to do
that and at least making it
eight so let's do the center boore and
we're going to make this bearing ID
because it doesn't need to be tight at
all because we have these threaded
inserts okay so now we just need to draw
a sketch on
here you draw
Circle and this oh wait this is going to
be
um uh is it going to be threaded in no
it's going to be it's going to be M4
hole wait we don't have an M4
hole what the
hell yeah so just defining a function in
here would be really
nice whole of four and it just like does
the clearance for you I mean you could
just write the number but like okay so
wait
hole M6
Hole
uh if we go to
M6
hole we just put in 6.2 is there an M3
hole I could have swore I did this
I don't remember what it is that I did
this oh I think it might have just been
the socket
head
okay what was that
I don't know what that
was
okay this is poly
defined oh that i' could have mirrored
but who cares who really
cares so now we need to take this
profile
profile oh
wait move up to
next great and now we need to do okay
wait but the thing
is you don't do mates in here
though is there a way to just like
uh can I just cut this
out wait why is this sketch not fully
defined
oh I never actually did The
Coincidence so how did I do
it I think the way I did it with top
plate is that I
um I like started with the gear
is there a
move move faces but I don't really want
that oh what about transform yeah what's
transform translate by line isn't there
a point to
point
from there to there
can't resolve
enties is that because this is
fixed all right whatever I what I'm
going to do is I'm just going to build
the part again it's like how hard is
that okay new part
Studio tilt big
gear okay uh alt C gear uh gear
depth uh big gear tooth
count
module Center board oh
Center
boore uh bearing
ID done sketch wait
sketch normal normal C boom this is
going to
be M4 hole oh M4
hole this is going to
be
20 now we are going to uh
mirror that
across wait
what
confused wait I
what SL oh so yeah I forgot you always
have to do this
first great extrude this face and it's
actually better if you do ex you you do
the extrude before you select the
profile because then it filters what
profiles you're actually selecting so
that's actually a pro Strat okay so now
the part is done this is the whole part
all right so now what we want to do what
is this oh yeah I keep forgetting
that they
all okay we need to um wait did I
actually select the
backlash wait where do you select
backlash I I know that there was a Oh
wait is it profile offsets oh yeah wait
so do we have backlash no wait so then
when I so I have to go to
top top plate and then I need to select
this and then I need to go to this okay
so instead of that so we need to go to
variable
studio and we need to say
um
backlash and this is also going to be 0
2 Point 2 is probably the most common
thing I have in this whole thing so now
we need to go to top plate we need to
change this to
backlash fantastic now we need to go to
t tilt holder no no tilt big gear and
make
this backlash
fantastic oh but that means the small
gear probably has backlash
okay all right so now we're going to
make an assembly file but actually wait
what we're going to
do is just put it in here I feel like we
don't need to have two assembly
files
insert can you sort by new it sorts
alphabetically but I feel like that's
never what you want it should be this
should be sorted by something
else but whatever
tilt big
gear is it intersecting we need to flip
it
okay are those lined
up I don't think those are oh yeah okay
wait so we need to go to this
it's kind of wild that it
uh do those
mesh those look like they mesh so wait
if that's jointed like that then can we
take this and how do you simulate it can
you just play it or can I just drag it
oh
um is this
fixed wait why is why is none of this
jointed
together how do I C how do I toggle the
visibility of this thing is there a
keyboard trick it to hide
on shape uh keyboard tricut to
hide shift
p is that
right no
a
y oh
nice I undo okay
cool oh that's so nice bro that's chill
as
no it doesn't really work like I
want it
to you kind of have to do it this way so
what is this top PL did I name it yeah
okay so now if I move
this
great so now let's
uh part four
wait
what wait let me see is this really
what's going on
here these are
all I guess the the Pro strategies you
just move
it okay but now I should be able to okay
wait but I want to take top plate and
fix
it okay there we go now we're getting
this rotation thing the thing is this is
so wait can
we wait but there is
um okay so there is uh I think there is
if we open this up can we just click
open I feel like there oh switch to I
always forget that oh no no but it's not
that that's not what we want
actually uh how do I just go
back the back button doesn't do what I
want
okay so where were we we were
on yeah top and tilt and if I right
click this and I go to switch to stepper
there is a revolute thing
here oh you know what it is it's my
classic mistake it's it's what you're
supposed to do at actually in this
um what you're supposed to do here is
you take this gear so which wait can I
can I highlight which mates it's
on show
mates that's awesome man that's awesome
so instead of this we're not doing it
to I don't even know what that
is wait can we just delete this
is this the one can we just delete this
all right so now I can move this around
okay great so what we want to do
actually is we we could just do this we
take this Center and we take this Center
okay and then we just need to do an
offset and the direction is going to be
Z minus
2 and then oh wait no no no no two it's
going to be
two and then uh now that that's fastened
it's fast to the shaft so now I can turn
this and so now we just need to do the
motion link which I forgot about how did
we do it can I find out without having
to Google it let's see it's going to be
in bottom
assembly oh wait no it's going to be in
full assembly eater assembly full
assembly we have a
revolute oh we have a gear mate that's
what it is you do a gear mate
so we go to this alt C gear relation and
then
we we oh and then we
select okay can I just hover oh
crap I wish the back button was a little
bit better
though or alt T maybe like contrl P and
DS code
um oh and I select the two revolutes so
that's maybe a little bit weird because
it's kind of hidden I don't know it
probably has a tree so we do top and
tilt see that's the thing though oh wait
do we have to oh we have to select this
okay so we when we do gear
relation we're going to select this
revolute and this revolute and then this
is going to be one
two oh wait do one do I do this how do I
specify this one over yeah probably like
that okay and we probably have to
reverse the direction but can we can we
play it wait let me just do this and
then see if it's
right that seems right we just need to
reverse
it yeah that looks
good uh
yeah so what I was worried about is if
this thing was way taller this
platform then this gear would hit that
but since it's so short it doesn't
actually
matter and then what we do want to do is
we want to make this like 10 longer so
that it can't shift left or right and
then we're going to put another one
here so I don't know if I want to design
that part
I mean I have designed it before but
that was a long time
ago a a shaft
collar yeah we'll design a shaft collar
that's fine so we just need to make this
let's just make this 10 longer then
but we'll do it after we design the
shaft color so we can make the variable
so we can make it parameterized based on
the color depth or something like that
um okay so we just need to mirror this
feature out there and then we need to
add bearings oh okay wait I'm actually
excited to do that so wait we want to do
an insert standard
content they don't have
bearings Okay so that's kind of the
that's kind of the big advantage
of that's kind of the big Advantage I
guess of um Fusion is that they actually
have all the parts I mean like I can go
in here and even though it's like
literally the worst user interface I've
ever dealt with not really but it's up
there for how bad this is you can look
up oh yeah it doesn't work unless you
log in for me but I can just look up 608
bearing which is really nice I I
actually don't know what what is
preventing them from having that
feature probably the downloading aspect
I wonder if I can just there's probably
okay wait let's look
up let's just
read so there's an API but I I don't
think this is what I'm looking for
oh whoa wait that video is
crazy that's very cool no way dude
that's cool
oh man that is so
baller I wonder wait where's the App
Store I wonder if there's like a
McMaster simulation that's kind of
cool so okay so the minimal the minimal
okay wait let's just see what can you do
with feature
script but I feel like feature script
might not
be what I want actually
because the native language used to
develop all features within on shape
this is a part studio for a gear train
each feature executes in order from the
top down as you move down the list lower
features can reference the geometry of a
previous one right click on the tab and
select show
code on the right the interface displays
all of the code required to make all the
sketches and featur in the gear
what
really wait wait how did she do
it oh what why did I didn't want that
good job Microsoft Edge for just being
annoying dude Microsoft just has a a way
of Mak really annoying U
right click on the tab and select show
code really the show code for the entire
part no way dude no freaking way that is
so cool I don't know what look at I mean
like look at this it's like basically OB
OB fiscated code but the fact that it is
code is insane that's awesome
that's so
cool um okay but the question is how do
I add so okay so I don't think I want
feature script right I think I want
to I want to know how these apps work
how do I make my own app because I just
want to do the following so let's go to
McMaster and I I manually search up for
my 608 bearing o I manually search up
for my
bearing I take
this I wonder if I could just upload it
maybe that's what you're supposed to do
step couldn't
download no
permissions oh well that was weird Okay
so uh so maybe what you're supposed to
do is you're just supposed to upload it
oh import to this
document oh yeah right okay now I
understand what this is doing I don't
know why I didn't just think about
it great so now we
have wait what dude the fact that it
doesn't let me just
search let's open this up okay so now in
the assembly
so we can move this like way
back
um we go
to top and tilt
insert
bearing
okay so wait I want to just I want to
just take wait what is that oh gosh okay
so wait undo this we need to we need to
upload it the other
way much
better so now we can uh insert bear okay
so this is the way to do it you just you
just manage your own wait what is oh
this is the wrong
one oh
wait
what
wait this doesn't
have wait now I'm confused didn't I hit
the right one what what is this doing I
thought it was going
to I just want one
part I hate that it's it's importing
multiple Parts can I just I just want to
group them in this thing what whatever
who cares about the bearings I don't
need the
bearings give me a break give me a
freaking break
boy okay so this is basically done right
we just need to add the um oh well
naturally we're going to need
to we should do this at the end but I
just want to know what it looks like
because it's so it's going to be so
beautiful
that's so much better my eyes hurt so
much less uh we need to we need to do a
mirror
though we need a
mirror oh yeah yeah mirror plane this
mirror entities to miror right
feature it's going to be
this it's going to be the
pillar oh wait I defined that variable
there yeah we need to move
that this mirror can go before the fill
it dude actually I wonder if I can copy
that
sketch all right let's try to wait I
thought that was only in an assembly
maybe that was only in an
assembly to bring in sketch geometry
from somewhere else
else whatever I'll just do it
again
e
e e
all
right let's do this thing
maybe I should try to
because let's
see I don't want to do this dxf thing
because when you start passing around
dxfs the system just doesn't have any
idea about what what you're doing with
it or you know what maybe I'm being
unfair
but no but okay here's an example I'm
going to do let's see how did I if we go
to um um first off let's move this way
then if we go to
um what part am I thinking about the uh
the motor mount which is going to be in
top plate let me turn this on we look at
this sketch let's see can I solo I wish
there's a a way to solo I wish I could
just add a solo
okay fine but where is this sketch if I
click if I just click on this takes me
to the sketch it's so nice wait but this
is after the mirror wait did I do the
holes before or after the mirror I think
I did yeah that that makes way more
sense but so if I were to copy this
sketch as a dxf the problem is well did
I let's see it doesn't actually tell me
how I made this dude I I don't know why
cads don't have parametric or a a
timeline for sketches like how do how
can I see what is it that I did in this
sketch I mean because then I don't know
I feel like it' be a good feature but so
I can't tell if
I I can't tell how I made these holes
but should we try it export export the
uh okay so we do this then we export can
we do this if I select this sketch
edit sketch
appearance export is create drawing now
that I'm curious of oh no you know what
no I'm just curious to see what it does
so now I want to go to my
um and I want to uh sketch can I no no I
don't want to make a sketch I want
to how do
uh how do I do
this it's not going to be plus it's
going to be
like wait if I do this now I'm in sketch
mode oh there you
go yeah it's sketch mode so you import
this and now
where did it go that's the that's the
thing insert did I just do this okay see
that's the thing is it doesn't know how
to constrain this at all but and and the
other thing is it doesn't know how to
move these as a group so there's no I
don't think there's any notion of a
sketch group type of thing so if I just
try to move
these oh uh do I have to do a
transform okay but what we actually want
to do is is there a group there's no
grouping
um so you just have to put in all of the
you would there must be a better way to
reuse sketch geometry within this system
because like there's just no way that
anyone's going to put up with this I
mean it's literally easier for me to
just do it again which is like okay
obviously that's not right
so let's just undo that and we are just
going
to
um
take pop
plate bring it over here so we can look
at
it okay so now I'm just going to in my
head figure this thing out wait is it
that no it's not that what the hell what
is that talking
about this
oh not
that
that 16.3 how are we getting this okay
so what I want to do is I want to take
this go to variable studio and rename
it CU now because once you start passing
around Expressions you're also like in a
bad spot
whatever wait is this 30 though is it
actually I think it actually might be 30
the other one what was 31 no was that
the
31 no I think it was the stepper
motor if we just search up 15.5 we
figure it out but
um oh we also at some point want to
design these with the magnetic encoder
in it but I feel like one step at a time
right
uhuh so why don't we just make a
variable for
this so you copy this go to variable
studio and you say
um I'm just going to copy it let's just
get this done I
mean okay so this just delete this I me
just delete that that's the worst okay
tilt
holder we're going to draw a
circle here and we're going to do a
circular right
so oh wait wait
so
first
um oh yeah we we added
more so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to copy
this this thing is so slow it's just so
slow um
that's where it
is that's where it is M3 hole that's so
stupid also it has even more clearance
That's So
Random there needs to just be a move to
okay whatever I'm just going to just
going
to and then it's going to move me to the
top that's the most insane behavior of
this program I swear to
God and open a new tab just doesn't
work okay well we're going to make this
3.4 because this is the only place we
use this and so then this okay that
whatever this should be three plus plus
um whatever but I think I was having
problems uh okay tilt
holder or top plate
um I I don't I'm not even going to well
we could just delete it and it'll
work so that's good all right but we're
looking at this sketch so this is going
to be oh wait but we do want to change
this to be drone Mount
hole
okay drone Mount disc to Edge Center I
don't know it's a weird
name what is this is this just an
arbitrary 5.5 oh nice cool oh yeah you
know what that but that's fine because
that's just for the magnet um and then
this okay whatever let's just do
it so we go to tilt holder we're going
to
do
um oops
oh you click to yeah that's kind of a
interesting UI the first thing
is this thing
um this thing is going to be drone Mount
hole and then this distance to here is
going to be uh that weird expression
wait wrong
expression all right let's just do it
cuz the amount of time that it's going
to take
so um
drone Mount
closest wait why is it M6 this is
actually a stup this doesn't this
formula makes no sense because it's
supposed to be M3 hole
there but we're doing it because it's
hard to install wait are we doing we're
not doing threaded inserts you can't do
threaded inserts on this unfortunately
all right so you go back to
this then this distance is oh
drone wait
dra dra my
man okay so now this
to here supposed to be
30 and then the distance to here here is
supposed to be
what
uh I don't actually understand what
how does that
work are there lines
there well why don't we just inspect it
it's this sketch right
so wait we need to go here I'm pretty
sure we need to do this
too oh no I guess that's already yeah oh
right because it's circular okay then
this distance needs to be
5.5 and we are not done though wait why
does it think we're
done I'm pretty sure that this needs to
be wait what
oh wait how does that
work
oh can we check if that's the same
31.3 and then this is
5.5 and we could just make it go all the
way through what's the big deal
why
not why
not actually I want to go look at it
well actually we can look at it where
can we look at we can look at it in full
assembly how
close what is it I just do this oh
that's so
nice this is still pretty close to me
it's just hard to get in there
okay so where are we at with
this this can just
be
okay um what is left we have the gear
relation oh we don't we didn't do this
yet what the hell am I talking about
we're on uh tilt
holder so we just need to uh we need to
take all this geometry and mirror
it
there wait what
is it doing
it what the heck is going
on oh because it shows up there but that
honestly I wish it kind of did something
to
them oh you know what but I could just
mirror the
the
okay how do I undo the
mirror what you can't delete
it or is it just still trying to do my
undo
that's so oh there we go now I did it
okay so anyways let's do so we're going
to finish this shift e Click this this
this this and this and then we're going
to do remove and then we're going to do
to up to
next and then we're going to do uh
mirror feature
mirror uh feature this Extrusion on wait
features to mirror this oh yeah this
Extrusion on this
plane
okay that's that that's pretty much it
now in the assembly we just need to put
in the how do we do it
so in the full assembly can we go to the
full assembly
H why am I getting
lost how do I show all
again or is it why no this hover over
here doesn't do it it be it would
honestly be nice if you could just go
why why why why why but
whatever um okay okay okay okay so how
did we
join these guys what part is that that's
I guess what I'm wondering because
there's no way I did this maybe I did do
this in here top
assembly oh it's this
okay okay flywheel BLC that's what it's
called so we're going to go to top and
tilt
and then we're going to do insert
assemblies flywheel
BLC oh wait where's the
flywheel oh because we could be using
different
flywheels or is
it um
let's check
so no but that's in
the I'm
confused open how do I wait this is an
assembly how can I switch to they don't
have a switch
to I mean that is its own assembly right
if I do alt T flywheel BLC
this search is
bad oh I guess not but wait
but oh no it's just hidden that's
silly uh flywheel be to see okay but the
real question actually is this flywheel
is
not the flywheel is not oh yeah and I
forgot actually it needs to be smaller
and closer together because otherwise it
hits this
gear right it can't go okay so like if
we try to join this we're going to get a
freaking interference so
mate
that
with that and we just need
to oh wait I I don't like that oh there
that's what you
do okay you need to rotate about
Z
okay so see
that so that doesn't work
so that puts a bound on which is a sort
of a structurally new constraint because
it's just something that does not
exist in the other
design so it's
it's um what I'm saying is like the
dimensions that drive things like this
is a dimension that yeah dimensioning is
so
crazy uh okay
okay so let me think about all right
we're actually we actually got to do a
little bit of math for this we need to
figure
out so I should just redo the sketch to
this sketch is dumb
is
it let's go
to
uh okay so the reality is that the
center of this drone from The Middle
wait okay wait I want
to I want to delete this mirror I'm go
into this sketch and I want to do a
mirror and I want to just see if I can
get it I mean it should be possible just
from the center right what does the
distance to the center from the Drone
need to
be well okay it needs to be right it
needs to be the same as the distance
from the center of that thing so let's
finish this and go back
to top and tilt this we this we honestly
don't need um so we can scroll this
and we need to
know from
there what is the distance between
that
and it's going to do that face not that
plain
though to there to there I don't know if
that's I don't know how to calculate
that it's presumably 2.5 more yeah if
the radius is five it's 2.5
more that's the Mist so we have to add
the
radius
um so plus 2.5 is 25 plus 5 it's okay so
it's 30 away is that right I thought it
was like 30 oh yeah plus the radius wait
but that would make it like 30 that make
it more than that
because that would be what 5.5 over
two +
23.5 + 2.5 +
5 but it's not that right I'm pretty
sure it's not that
wait what did I
say
33.75 wait but that's going to be plus
2.5 so maybe that's wait maybe that's
31.3 plus
2.75 wait it's 2.5 2.75 where am I
getting that from is that the
same wait where where did I Google that
thing wait what did I have 33.8 but I
thought I had the other
number where's the other
number I kind of don't like the tab
management it's kind of annoying
actually
okay the the I don't know what I'm
wasting my freaking time on the this
should should not be this is no longer
the constraining factor of like where
these holes need to be from the wall
right so this is is not going to be
driving this anymore we're going to
delete this
constraint we're just going to delete
this oh my God please stop stop
torturing me with your user interface
so this to
here is some value but it needs to be
driven okay so we want it to be as big
as possible
such
that what is it such that the distance
from here to
here is going to be
um I got to draw it on paper I'm
tweaking out about it
have a big
rectangle and two
circles Okay so
okay so the ra the radius must be less
than the distance to the wall because
that's where the gear is and it must
be that
um that uh that two that whatever four
times the radius
D2 minus 4 * the radius is exactly equal
to 25 or Nerf with
clearance oh wait no wait no no sorry
like
uh Nerf compression that's what it's
called Nerf
compression um so those are the
equations right and then and then the
only thing is that you uh make
okay so so let's just set these equal to
each other so that
distance so what we so now we just need
to Sol do the algebra so it's going to
be
Nerf
compression minus
D2 or wait the negative of this over
four is equal to the radius
so we just need to make this over two to
make this the diameter okay great I did
the math so here's the equations
uh I have nowhere to write them down I
think I might be getting an apple pencil
but then I got to set up how to like
mirror it to here and we'll see if
that's even worth
it um but it might be I mean it improves
the stream that's for sure but it might
decrease my productiv ity but
basically do we have a parameter for
this wall to--all distance I think we do
right
um it's this first
sketch so this is not named this is the
dumbest thing
ever but the thing is this should be
driven to all right so I think that we
need to come up with a convention here
okay uh tilt fer outer
width I'm just going to paste this thing
in here and it's like so
Random well the reason why the the
decimals are weird is it just comes back
to that one decision of we made the
distance of the mounting holes to the
center uh a nice number but the thing is
since it's radial you you get in to the
decimals because it it's not like flat
it's not like Manhattan distance it's
like
um by the birds the bird's
flight what what is that called L2 L1 I
don't know what the Norms
are pretty sure it's L1 Norm L2 Norm is
the square right
I
forget so all right fine but now it's
parameterized we can go to tilt holder
and we can finally fix this awful so
this is going to be
tilt oh that wall
height oh tilt wall I don't know but
um so why do we need that because we
need to do the algebra so now we need to
edit this
sketch and the distance from here is
going to be
[Music]
um Nerf compression oh Nerf
compressed minus d uh minus uh
tilt outer width okay over
two um
wait hold on so that's obviously not
right
but e
oh no wait yeah I did the map
wrong
um the the distance to each of the
centers is that
um e
okay so the distance between the
centers so what does that mean that
means
that oh yeah and then okay so then um
um okay so then we know
that we playing I don't know
okay so let me just draw a rectangle and
show you guys what I mean so we're just
going to do a new part
Studio I'm just going to draw a
rectangle on here
wait okay and then we're going to draw
Circle here and then we're going to
mirror this circle wait this okay there
we go
um now we're going to
um make
this I wish I could just name
this okay so that's D1 oh wait okay
right so my math is different so then
this make this D2
oh but it it
uh yeah that locks it in place fine
whatever so then the distance
between this needs to be
25 and then the distance between this
this needs to be okay but
oh yeah okay so
now this distance is going to
be
um
D1 it needs to be okay
why am I freaking out so much about this
the
distance the radius is driven by the
fact by the constraint that it's a it's
12.5 from the center line right oh yeah
so okay so wait so D4 D is equal to
12.5 that's okay yeah and
then the distance
from so let me change this this is D1 in
our scenario and this is
D2 I change my wait let's just change
this to what
whatever okay so but what is this this
is D2 in our world so D2
wait actually what if we just delete
this it'll solve it for us if we do
this what
it this Dimension delete okay so now we
just want to say this and this are
actually
tangent and now this is
driven oops
driven oh my God what oh there we go
um yeah so I don't know what algebra oh
wait we had two of them I don't know
what algebra did actually I can't I
can't believe I couldn't figure out the
equations but that that is the way to
set it
up it's a little unfortunate
actually and it has to be symmetric CU
otherwise you put put a spin on it and
then you'd have to like correct for it
which kind of don't want to do so now we
just need to now that we know
this we instead just want to we actually
want to delete the
tangency and we going to make this small
going say the distance from here to here
is like
two all right there we go that's the
drawing
oh and then these need to be like this
though that's the
drawing wait 25 it's not 25 it's like 20
it's like uh this is a Nerf compressed
yeah the problem with making the pan is
that we really decrease our flywheel
size okay well I mean that's okay there
that's what we're doing
okay let's just do it then so this is
going to be in top plate
tilt or is it no it's going to be in
tilt
holder um okay so let's undo
this okay so we're going to draw okay so
wait can I just delete this can we just
delete this and start over we're going
to take this and just
delete okay we're going to sketch on
here and we're going to draw
first um
I think I'm going to do my do we get
this point I guess we get that point
that's kind of
nice wait if I draw a circle do I get
the no so okay let's just make some
construction
L okay I guess we don't get that
point The Annoying Thing well no we
should get the constraint if we do this
so now if I do Circle
okay so we have this
circle and we're going to set the
distance from here to here as uh three
or something or two and then we're going
to set the is this oh yeah it's just
we're not normal okay then this
distance needs to be
12.5 and that can strange our radius or
whatever it is a Nerf
compressed over two
and then this is a construction though
but this Center is what we want so this
is going to be uh yeah 5.5 but this is
not
construction and then we also are going
to do our whatever Circle here and I
forget what what do we do this
drone drone Mount hole probably I mean
that's what it is so then we uh do the
um circular pattern
of
this around that and then it's four of
them and confirm it okay now this and
this are going to be
horizontal and the distance from here to
here is going to be
30 wait is this a if we go into variable
studio and we search up 30 are we going
to get anything
small gear pitch diameter tilt holder
height
okay oh wait but what about
15 okay
no dude it would be so cool the problem
is you
yeah how would I how would I build
interrup actually how would I use
Cass 8 from python that's basically the
question is how do I do interupt because
right now it's just a reppel but it does
need to be a library and then you just
need to be able to call the rust
functions from python that would
actually be
cool I've never done I've never actually
wrapped a P3 package but it would be so
nice if I could do a pattern if I I mean
I would just write it in I just write it
in feature script but that that sounds
like it sucks like I don't really want
to do
that
e
e e
all
right for
okay
um I don't even remember what I was
doing we're just fixing
this is this
done we we we do want to make that a
variable though what we going to call it
tilt tilt gear clearance or something
like
that tilt flywheel
okay
nice all right so um let's finish this
and do an extrude
I do kind of wish you could
uh
wait I mean
allow Edge
overflow why doesn't it work
then you should be able to fill it this
right I actually don't like it I like
this
um uh so now we just need to add the
Drone didn't we add the drones already
no we did
not what is going wrong
here mate
error oh
wait can I get it from this
side oh simulate oh that's so
cool okay now we just need to do the
exact same thing
nice oh wait what oh that but that's
fine that's fine
um oh do we do
configurations wait can we just
parameter ize
it I don't know how it works but we need
to just
um yeah I guess you need to make a
configuration but see how this sticks
out a little bit I'm so sus of that I
don't know why that's like that as long
as we make it long enough and we put the
set screws in then we should be
fine I feel like we should make this
gear smaller now that I'm looking at how
small all these drone Motors are like
why is it
so like CU if we could get this down
actually that's a good point if we could
get this
down 10
ms oh wait wait
wait I forget I wish there was just an
easy parameter search a keyboard trick
it where could just search up a value I
mean honestly usually it's like easier
to just click it with the guey I guess
so 12 if we could get this gear like 12
1 12 millim
[Music]
down we would be able to just use the
same
dimensioning okay so we we need to do a
little bit of math right because we want
to figure
out what we're trying to maximize just
in
General
is the tangential velocity which
is basically the exact same as the
flywheel
diameter which
means we need
to drive
oh is it though it's not really
because
um because this this gear does not
actually have anything to do
with um so it's more of a satisfa
satisfiability thing it's like Will a
smaller gear be able to lift it
we need to be able to do the
um we need to be able to do the uh the
math to to calculate what gear ratio is
necessary I mean you have to take
this Motors charact I mean they they do
measure it but I just don't know how to
do the map but we need to figure out
basically at
any I don't know those graphs they don't
really show much stall I don't
know if they do it under
load it would be good to just start
doing more experiments to like actually
figure out what these motors are capable
of cuz this is a recurring
problem these go straight to the
edge
um but I like that it's
symmetrical it's oh it's 1 mm off and I
do not understand that
[Music]
whatsoever for
wait wait
what I thought it was exactly
4.5
um wait but we could just pick a gear
why don't we just pick a gear ratio of
three make it 45
teeth well okay wait the if the if it's
teeth if it's 45 teeth then the pitch
diameter is uh 90 because the module is
two and 90 over let's
see the difference between the pitch
diameters is going to be
130 - 90 which is 40 Ms so it's going to
be way lower
oh and it's the distance but no but it's
the radial distance not the diameter
distance so it's actually going to be
over two it's going to be 20 so this
this thing will move this thing down 20
so then the fly wheeels won't be in the
way or really the gear won't be in the
way so why don't we so we made this gear
I
think okay we're going to have to change
a bunch of parameters but we're going to
make this
wait
what number of teeth now is going to be
small gear teeth count times three and
then click
enter yeah that makes that
90 backlash the same okay great so we do
that and now oh
wait oh wait wait wait wait we
definitely want to undo that we're not
even in the right spot we're trying to
go to we're trying to go to um where oh
no I think it's just um its own part
actually big tilt big gear yeah so this
is
actually the gear depth but then this is
going to be
small time
three okay and then let's see what went
wrong because I'm
surely right
so this circle is not right so T not
tilt holder right but
uh top plate top plate
tilt so this
sketch um
here wait but we don't want to do that
we want to do
this right okay
so let's make some new
variables so the new variable just needs
to be
basically uh tilt big
gear tooth count which we will change in
the thing this is a number
oops and this is uh 3 *
uh
small okay then this
is
um is going to be uh
okay
um so what is this we just need to
change this to Big gear pitch diameter
to d i okay this okay there are some
really annoying things about this
program and it's like how do you even
use it I want to see the whole
expression man give me the whole
expression
okay now let's go to the assembly what
is this you can delete this
okay so now we need to redo that math
find out what the right constraints are
because I don't
remember I don't remember that sketch to
be honest how you do it but now let's
see actually though now are we Bound
by wait no we'll always be bound by that
no matter
what yeah and we're not ever actually
well we are bound by the gear but this
is the real thing well actually in a way
we're not because we don't want full
360 it's just a software thing
though so we can get these apart because
they're not going to I don't think that
they maybe they do well we could add the
fillet we'll just add these
fillets I mean this doesn't even need to
be that tall
yeah so we'll just decrease the size of
that
height so in here if I just click on
this oh wait switch
to I just click on that what is this
Extrusion this
tilt wall height yeah we just want to
change that to be
like
100 or yeah like
a like a 100 or maybe we wanted a little
bit more than that I don't
know uh
okay yeah that's great but
um oh I wonder if I could draw a line
there
what is it oh
all
right you can't filet just like a
segment of
it copy oh no copy sketch
entities I got to practice that that
seems like a good
thing um yeah okay so I guess you
can't
wait okay where where am I let's see
where are we at with this so yeah we're
increasing this
thing oh actually am I dumb the whole
reason why I just did that all that was
because
e
e for
oh yeah oh
yeah Didn't I make this a
parameter uh
so actually we get a huge yeah so I feel
like that's
um if we can manage if we can lift it
I'm kind of playing on the edge
here so now what is the distance between
this and
this parallel axis
distance yeah I don't I want to oh wait
actually you know
what show me more Min distance Min
distance
18 I'm pretty sure that's right that's
close enough
yeah it's pretty
close Okay so that's the design that's
it we just need to design the uh make
these pillars
longer and we need to um design
something to cap it
off and then actually it's going to
bother the hell out of me if I don't
debug this thing of like
why it's sticking out
here I must not
have how did I calculate the the Tilt
holder
width dude if an AI was able to if I was
able to have a
conversation oh my gosh dude I've been
using the advanced voice it's like the
best language learning tool ever ever
it's so good it's so
good e
all right um so yeah how did I calculate
I don't even know why I got my phone so
freaking weird yeah this so this was
just some arbitrary number right I don't
know where we got all this from but it
needs to
be okay wait it go it all goes back to
the top plate tilt first sketches
wait
oh like this is associated with this
sketch so yeah we just picked these
numbers arbitrarily but they do
Define well okay this in combination
with the next sketch probably
this 50
okay so it's going to be 50 +
55 wait it's going to be it's going to
be two wait is it exactly 210 it should
be right because this is five oh wait
this is seven so should be 2
* 7
plus 50 + 55 is that what we're saying
here is equal to 105 + 14 is
2 19 is that right can we can we get a
check up on
that 224 how did I do that wrong
wait it's 55 + 50 +
right
55 oh wait
wait wait what's going on
here oh do we still have that in
here oh wait no we deleted oh we deleted
I got
wa it should be 50 + 55 + 7 time 2 so
that's 10 that's one oh that's 112 yeah
I don't know I don't know how I'm doing
math today this is insane
224 so that's the okay but what we want
is actually the inside distance so we
want it to be so it's going to be two
10 210 is the inner
width
and that
means oh I think I see where the uh I
think I see where it went wrong so
it was it's all based on because I I
distanced I made the pillar
length Okay so the width we want it to
be as wide as
possible we we want the width to be as
wide as
possible but also be
17 or that's the same thing so we want
minus 34 or two 2 *
oh no no 2 * 19 that's what we want the
width to be so can we change that where
did we even get that from that's going
to
be this number tilt outer width the
outer width is going to
be uh
so right now this
is
oops what do we Define this as 50 or is
that the
55 that might be the 55
huh oh
yeah
okay so let's go fix all of that that's
going to be in
this and then this is
tilt to Inner
wall and then finish that then this
is hello
okay and then now we can
Define uh
this
as two oh wait okay wait let's just do
this it's like you have to do so much uh
so much common sub expression and
elimination and it's so
manual yeah times
two and then this is going to be tilt
[Music]
inner plus 2 *
bearing
thickness okay then now we're finally
ready to
calculate oh wait wait but this is
not this is no this is uh tilt
Hilter
bracket now we can do tilt
folder ouder width
oops and this is going to be inner
width minus 2 * gear small
gear
depth okay is that smaller than it was
before I don't even
know no it's about the same
so what
changes I have no
idea oh wait what is so wrong about
this wait oh did I do plus I think I did
plus wait no I
didn't that makes no sense sense that
makes oh you know what it is it's the
pillar that means we need to go to this
holder how do we do this small gear
depth plus
seven oh you know
what we need to do it needs to be 10
smaller than that doesn't it
because cuz the cross-section is you
have the bracket okay you have the
wall you have the you have the wall you
have the pillar you have the
bracket you have the gear on this one so
this is going to
be oh so we need to count we need to
count for the asymmetry when we do this
because it's five
off
because so the
pillars let me think are the pillars
the pillars should be the same
length the only thing
is no the pillars are the
same yeah because I want it to be I mean
I'll give up a little bit of flywheel
distance for that
too I think that's right I'm honestly
not sure yet
um oh
um
right okay yeah so the distance so the
inner
and that's going to be and we want that
to be the same on both sides so the
actual distance
to that's what that parameter
means so you have this
bracket so this
okay so the
um bracket
inner
to uh tilt holder
outer oh yeah tilt
bracket naming schemes are so
interesting for
this I like it it reminds me of lean a
lot it really reminds me of lean a
lot it's so
funny all right so the Tilt bracket
inner to tilt holder
outer should be equal to
19 which is gear
depth small gear
depth
plus
uh gear
depth which is five right is that right
so
24 and then then then that makes this
distance
19 oh wait you don't actually have to
add this it should just be 19
yeah it's just
19 I always forget about the meshing I
always add them but but they take up the
same
space
so if that's 19 then where did my mouth
go
wrong I think it's just the pillar
mating that's going
wrong wait hold on hold on
okay so inner
inner is what
two is it 174 I think it's 174 no
wait no no no no no it's two it's 174 +
38 let me just look it
up the inner width is 21 right so we
have inner inner is
210 so this is
210 now
um so that would
make oh so let's just change this pillar
where is that I think that's actually in
this this
thing but that should
be right because then you
have wait so maybe it's just the no no
no
no ah I gotta I got to take a second
this is overloading
me
e e
wait I feel like 1 74 is right
though this just doesn't seem right
though what is the length of this
oh wait I think we just oh you know what
happened in
um oh we renamed it we renamed it we
just yeah because when you do that it
renames it
um yeah so we just need to go here and
um 26 is right and we just need to go
to this initial sketch and change this
to be till hold tilt
holder outer
width which is
172 172
okay so there we go that's what was
going on and now the distance between
this face and this face is
zero distance between this face and this
face is also zero okay bug fixed bug
fixed we fixed the bug and I think that
this is the design now straight down the
center straight down which is great
now the biggest problem with this is we
have no firing mechanism
whatsoever that's why I'm like so ready
to just use um compressed
air because then you have
slack
here well you know what here you could
actually design a system with Slack
but I would need like a
tube so you would put like a
um a thing here that's real tall I
guess well you don't really actually
have the I mean when are you going to be
shooting that far up you have to Define
all of these things ahead of
time but um
dang well no actually never
mind there's got to be a move 90 degrees
there's got to be a move clockwise
rotate clockwise
shift dude that would actually be so
Pro but that's not what I mean I don't
want to rotate the part I want to
I wonder if I
can I wonder if I can write a script to
do it because it's so annoying I mean
the most annoying is Bally the variables
but
whatever so I don't know maybe you just
maybe you just hang a tube and it just
comes from over here and then when you
do
it oh we don't have this rotating yet
okay so yeah so this is the part is the
flywheel this probably needs to be
recalculated
right this is 15 this is no good
man change Escape dimension
I don't even know what that
means I wish you could
um name this thing
man okay whatever I'm just going to copy
it I
think okay so uh we're going to go
to how do I do configurations again this
is the second
time we want to make this
sketch
change is it only in
um is it only in
um assembly I forgot let's do this
again configurations in on shape give
you the ability to manage variations of
a product within a single document using
design driven choices this streamlines
the management use and selection of
these components throughout your design
process for example when inserting a
configured flange into an wait how did
he do that how did he flip it so easily
configurations in on shape give you the
ability to
variations docent using design driven
choices this streamlines the management
use and selection of these components
throughout your design oh that was cool
I wish this ke I want to know how you
flip itess for example when inserting a
configured flange into an assembly you
can select the correct variation of the
product by selecting Your Design requ
dude size flange style and pressure
rating as opposed to choosing from a
single complex list of
choices this also means that you do not
have to be an expert in manipulating
complex spreadsheets to create these
configurations this flange for example
in a traditional design tool would
require 570 separate rows to configure
all of the variations available to the
end user let's look at how on shape
streamlines the entire creation and
selection process for this flange when
creating configured products in on shape
you define okay that was it's so weird
that it's not on the side then yeah you
just have to
do this
so the
default can I rename this to be y
only and then this is going to be
tilt and then all we need to do is in
this sketch take
this configure Dimension and then we
need to make this uh this is not the
best because it's let's we'll add it to
a
to-do but do I have that 93 number still
in my probably
not where is it it's going to be
in why can't I copy
this okay
tilt
flywheel
diameter now we can go back to the
flywheel alt T alt T doesn't work from
here okay
okay so now all we have to
do so this is good this is
done now we just need to go
to top and tilt
and I think when we go to this insert is
the
insert wait what are we configuring
we're configuring the flywheel so I'm
trying to figure out if you
can what's going on
here wait what just happened
oh I double clicking open it opened
it oh okay maybe wait hold
on I wonder no it no it's definitely
recursive let me try to insert flywheel
build see
again uh fly
BLC and if I do this
is it going to make
me it doesn't make me configure that
because
why where is the actual is it this
oh oh yeah okay so wait where where the
heck am
I so wait let's uh just do this okay
it's like barely smaller
okay
e
e e
okay what are we
doing what the hell are we
doing
um oh yeah so when we go
to this first off let's undo that but
what we want to
do is I guess select this and we don't
get to
oh wait was that what that is did I just
do
it no
yeah I don't think that does it
right that's 95 still
is there a timeline in this thing or
no wait so wait maybe it says it in the
video the input criteria that the user
will choose
when this single this provides flange
you could then a VAR a more size figured
on shape to change the class value which
will then change the number of holes in
the flange this is a more advanced way
of defining the product but shows the
power and flexibility of on shapes
configurations with the flange
configured only four inputs were created
and need to be selected when using the
product throughout your designs nominal
size flush face style and pressure
is that accurate
um oh that's kind of weird actually
cuz wait I don't even want
that whatever we're just going to do
it so now if I go
to
this
okay
well okay so now we just need to make it
a little bit longer
on both
sides how much longer we could probably
[Music]
use I feel like these need to be metal
honestly or like self-tapping
maybe but like
like the amount of vibration is
crazy e
what well I guess we're just going to
try to 3D print it but I'll use a metal
bolt as the set
[Music]
screw or
something okay so where's pillar length
defined I think pillar length is still
defined in here
oh yeah tilter tilt holder be uh bearing
pillar
worst experience ever this editor
sucks I don't mean to be such a hater
but it's just like really really this is
the UI come on
guys I feel like this is going to break
off
I feel like this is so likely to break
off you can't really put a
fillet oh hey that's
weird e
oh wait oh oh oh oh oh and then this
joint it's the revolute right
nice am I going to try to put a holder
on this thing I don't
know I don't want to do that
it would be cool to try to mount the
Raspberry Pi that saves a lot of I don't
know how fast we could get it that be
that'd be kind of a fun project because
then you don't have to deal with Android
for doing the performance you have just
Linux so you can use perf and all sorts
of Cool Tools but basically the idea
would
be yeah that that sounds actually kind
of
fun all right
um so we just need to print this this
this and two flywheels and we should
start to label these fly
wheels should I label
them I wonder wonder if you can use text
I wonder if you can make text um um okay
let's go to the flywheel or let's just
make something
new we're going to make a
parameter or a
variable
um let make this
10 all right now we're just going to do
uh sketch Norm normal normal Circle that
this this
extrude
P okay now I want to draw a sketch on
here and I want to do
text but I want the text to be the value
oh come on that's that's so
disappointing what the heck
man that's so lame
so then if you want to do this you got
to keep updating this thing that's
stupid I would think you'd be able to
use con context variables in that text
box because then I could label this with
the diameter without having to
continually change it
unas oh I wonder if you can do that in
zoo should we try it is this going to
leak my email like every other
application in the
world I think I'm only signed in
with yeah
okay let's try it do we have
strings can we do
this no yes dude just not working right
now okay oh wait we need to
um let's try
updating wait is this going to do it
again I might do it again
can I open it
now okay great it was just the updated
version so can we do
strings okay so now I want to start a
sketch on here make a
Circle wait what it just said c I
thought I get I thought they just
released this I'm pretty sure they
released this all right let's just do
this or L just do this L what the
heck oh yeah I get it because I I know
what I did I deleted that
line okay so we have this
now I want to extrude this so exit
sketch click on this extrude five sounds
good okay now I want to emboss the text
do they have
text they probably don't have text I
mean it's a pretty fancy feature
do any of these
have text on
them yeah I didn't think
so they have a
gear takes so much code to make a gear
yeah okay so you can't do it and I don't
care um but yeah it's kind of weird you
can't do it in on shape you would expect
to be able to tag your parts so that
when they get
made you can like have a rendered string
of like
okay fine but let's just design the last
part what is the last part going to be
it's basically going to
be a circle with a hole through
it it's basically going to be
this um
so the outside diameter can
be
hello okay oh my goodness why are you
doing why you acting so silly my man and
then we're going to make this and this
is going to be
um bearing
ID
okay that seems pretty
good wait let's uh now it's the Now's
the Time
I think there's one other place I need
to use it I think I need to use it in
the calculation
of this no no of
that no not of that but
of of the
pillar the pillar height
bearing it's so
slow it's so slow
it's just so
slow
plus pillar colar
thickness great okay now we need to
design it which is in this part
Studio okay so this is going to be
pillar colar
thickness great now we need to
do we want to put a nut in there that
sounds like so much work I don't I feel
like we should just see how it is with
this what we could do actually is we
could do a threaded insert on
that I feel like it's going to break
apart anyways but okay that's what we're
going to do all right
so plane wait plane
tangent tangent tangent tangent
tangent where is
it oh yeah that's fine great great great
great oh flip
alignment flip normal
cool cool so now on P
oh okay we're going to sketch
and then we're going to do Line
Construction oh uh this U
line
Q wait
what there we go you have to like select
the faces which actually is fine okay
now we want line Q bam
bam oh what wait why did it why did it
do it like
that what it like switched to the other
Behavior okay whatever I don't know
um let's make
this M4
hole which means oh wait wait no no no
this is M
M4 threaded insert
and we are going to let's see how what
is the what is the radius of this the
the radius of this is going to
be 8 plus oh it's 20 it's 10 wait it's
10 that's not
right
H my
God diameter is 20 oh wait minus 4 yeah
so it's six so it's perfect nice I'm
goated awesome awesome awesome awesome
awesome look awesome
okay extrude oh this probably won't
work yeah so let's just make it
10 so
blind uh
10 great then um we will mirror it
a
Feature Feature is this Extrusion and
the plane is going to
be
this
what oh yeah oh yeah that's such a good
idea by me huge play huge play huge play
okay so cool so now all we have to do is
in insert this this is the whole part
right because it's not going to be
threaded it does increase the assembly
time but I'm totally willing to take it
because I feel like it it's going to
first off it makes the part way smaller
because you don't need the
stupid how come I never added the
bearings whatever I'm going to just
insert collar
oh
uh for
I can't just s oh my
God I don't know how he how he was so
good at
flipping and you know what I've seen a
lot of the competitions for CAD they do
single Parts they don't they don't have
you do assemblies well maybe they do but
I haven't seen
them should I add a little
extra this thing is so going to break I
don't know what I'm thinking like
this is not going to
work we need this to be like a
bolt that would actually be not a bad
idea if like this was a hole instead of
just extruded out from
it cuz I feel like that's just going to
break okay well let's um I say I print
this and then we can start on the
electronics okay so let me just print
out everything I need two tilt flywheels
we need um the Tilt holder one tilt
holder four
cers um a small gear a tilt gear a a
tilt big
gear uh and I oh and then the brackets
then the
um what are these called we didn't even
call oh D I got to name these things
okay I switch to tilt
holder
rename tilt holder okay now we can go
back um this part yeah so these are
goofy as heck these I think are no yeah
so let's switch
to okay so this is going to be
rename uh tilt stepper
bracket and this is just going to be
tilt
bracket no
stepper
okay and now when we read this thing
it'll make more sense stepper brackets
gear top plate stepper spur gear
tilt
holder 45 tooth
gear flywheels
callar all
right so let's just start exporting
then you can't export from here oh yeah
oh my
God I thought I saved that feature
uh pictures
3D ball shooter on shape pillar collar
col great now the flywheel
BLC so
this um we just need to take this and
the interesting thing about
that
is oh yeah okay so we need to go to
flywheel and we need to rename
this this needs to be
flywheel
okay now we can go back to top and
tilt we going take this and Export
that
okay and I'm going to rename that to
be uh
I wish it would just show up with the
dialogue I wish it wouldn't ask me to do
any of
this all
um it's so slow I wish we could do this
better yeah we need one of these I feel
like I have one of them
it probably is probably going to give me
a one right
oh small gear yeah
right uh let's just let's just make sure
that this ISS
M5 and I'm pretty sure it is right ch
how do I see it screw yeah
M5
um oh we need we need
these yeah this is a lot of parts to
print oh my gosh why are you like this
bro um
so much of this gooey manipulation and
it
sucks all right now we can open up
bamboo got some of these bad boys
Printing and then hopefully I'll go get
the soldering iron and we'll just going
to we're just going to bang it out no
plan just freaking rocking it
because we'll figure it
out 3D a shooter on shap okay date so we
need top back going to step it this we
need a small gear we need the Tilt
holder we need the big gear we need the
flywheel tilt
flywheel we need the collar and that's
it
okay now we
need Okay so let's um Auto
auto auto okay now where is the
collar so we we
need one two three more of those and
then we need one two of those okay now
it's Auto auto arrange
okay and then if I slice this is it
going to give me a
warning yeah so let's
um so what I'm going to
do
is
um I'm going to do is
[Music]
um enable support I don't know what this
is
about um but then for
objects yeah you just turn them off I
can't believe I never noticed that the
Tilt stepper bracket
no
no yes
no then and then for this
plate just get rid of that
plate yeah none of this needs
it all right nice so just
this oh slice plate oh
whoa does it go
over did I move
it oh that's kind of
nice all right I'm down with that
so I just need to remember to label
these oh
um there's probably not enough
um
filament probably need to put more
filament in my
printer I wish it like told me I wish it
like
I mean I don't know how it would know
but it would be really cool if it
did all right
um well we have that purple stuff in
there but I'm not I probably not going
to use that
stuff all
right sweet good
stuff
um it would be cool actually if we had a
way
to put a magnetic encoder
somewhere mount on the outside of this
thing and then put it here put it on the
end of the pillar I bought a bunch of
magnets because I want to start doing
designs where I uh where it like clicks
into place there's something so
satisfying about building like a nice
product that just magnets right in and
um I saw this video where they uh where
you do is you pause the print on a
specific layer then you go manually
insert the the magnets and then it
prints over it until they're em it into
the plastic and then you can get this
feeling where it's like it's invisible
but it has this effect this force and I
just want to play around with that cuz I
feel like that's got to be so
exciting
um unfortunately I just got a
notification they're delayed until
October 1st but honestly it wasn't like
I really needed them so I'm probably not
going to return
them
um all right so it's time to really
switch
gears go to easy Eda
how do we do this
again I think I need to do
this oh
nice
um so I forget what the PCB is but I
think that this is right I think that
this is what we we
want oh wait
um no no no but this needs to be drain
side this is source side we need drain
side
e e
bamboo a because it's not doing anything
it's literally not doing anything but
we'll wait I guess I'll wait a little
bit I'm going to make some food right
now but okay let's
um wait oh yeah this is the
inductor uh I don't know
I don't like these
programs it's like why does it sometimes
break it oh it yeah it's so
silly
okay so
whatever does r work or rotates but it
doesn't
reverse I'm just going to delete it and
do it again so that I remember how to do
it I
think um
okay
these we should probably have space for
I don't have a text box here but this
is these are the
encoders
e
e e
yeah see how this
goes wait I always forget which is
which wait oh if I
hover wait
wait what is
that that's not right at
all this thing can't touch
that for
I don't get that the
footprint this footprint if we look at
it in
3D has these
pins wait
no I want to look at the traces
is oh wait
bottom okay yeah what is
that that's totally insane
oh yeah so okay so to do this I need to
use I got these crimp
connectors and I need
to is not a crimp connector but
I actually don't know how to do
it oh yeah do right yes I want to watch
this video hello I'm leis from DIY
machines and in this short video I'll
show you how to add male and female
style Dupont connectors to the ends of
your wires using a
simp male and
female but I don't think that that shows
me how to
[Music]
do
um how to make the female version of
this
style Dupont connectors to the ends of
your wires using a simple lowcost
crimping
tool making your own connections allows
you to make wires of any length that you
require with any combination of
Terminators as and when you need them
mini PV better known as Dupont are
common in hobby electronics they're the
style of connectors that you'll often
find on the end of the rainbow colored
jumper wires you'll need just a few
things to add these super simple
connectors to the ends of your wires
some plastic Dupont
housings and some Dupont
connectors and a crimping tool to make
my connectors I'm using this simple
lowcost kit you'll find a link to it on
Amazon in the description below first
we'll need to choose between a male and
female connector this is what the two
look like when complete you'll want one
of these metal connectors they often
come on a roll and can be easily removed
by bending back and forth a few times
this is the one used for female
connections and this is the male type
they both share some similar
features this open V end will hold on to
the insulation of our wire one script
the open U shap section will make
contact with the core of the wire and
then the remainder of the part makes up
the physical connection between your
wire and the device that you're wanting
to connect to once you've chosen your
connector we can place it into our
crimpers oh wait oh
between your wire and a device that
you're wanting to connect to once you've
chosen your connector we can place it
into our crimpers our crimpers have
several different sized recesses for the
different Siz connectors you can also
remove this screw turn the Cog and
reinsert the screw to change the
strength of the crimp this lever here
allows you to release them without
having to complete the crimping action
just pull the lever upwards like
this we start the crimping by seating
the connector in the jaws of the crimper
itself the v-shaped piece should be
facing upwards and pulled back so that
it stops against this Ridge you can then
partially close the crimpers to hold it
in place strip about 5 to 7 mm of
insulation from your wire and then
insert it into the connector check on
the other side of the connector that the
wire has gone inside the tunnel section
before crimping if I show you about the
crimper in the way the positioning
should look like this if all looks good
squeeze down on the crimpers to make the
first crimp I like to then remove the
connection and repeat the crimp on the
next size down to ensure a good crimp is
achieved check the connection for these
three things before proceeding is the
insulation gripped by the V section
section is the u-shaped section now
gripping the wire conductor itself and
is the end of the wire still inside the
connector if all of this is satisfied
then we can choose the plastic housing
your choice will be defined by how many
wires you would like to group together
in one connector and what layout you
would like such as in one row or two it
doesn't matter if you're using the male
or the female part of the metal
connector they both use the same plastic
housings and they're both inserted from
The Wider end of the housing when
inserting the connector ensure that the
open top of the connector where you can
see your wire is inserted facing upwards
so that this Ridge engages with this
tongue on the plastic housing which
prevent the connector from being pulled
back out of the housing
unintentionally so the thing is I
want I don't want wires there but I want
the I don't know what you call them the
solderable
pins the male connector is done in much
the same way SE the connector in the
crimper strip The Wire
insert into crimper check positioning of
the crimp crimp the
wire and then insert it into the plastic
housing thanks for watching I hope you
found this video useful if yeah decently
useful I kind of want to watch this cre
YouTubers here is the guy with a Swiss
accent again if you are in all sorts of
Arduino or raspberry projects you
probably need two Pond wires for your
connections they are very handy
especially the pre-fabricated ones in
this this video I want to show you five
tricks to ease working with them first
trick length you can buy them in three
length 10 20 and 30 cm I use all of them
if I have to connect a normal Arduino
board with parts on my breadboard I need
longer wires this is where the 20 or 30
cm wires come in for connections on the
breadboard itself or if I have to
connect pins on a module the 10 cm wires
are perfect they are also good if I
build a permanent project which I want
to put into a box 20 or 30 cm wires just
would be too long trick number two
colors this trick I learned the hard way
because I did not care about colors I
blew up a module when I confused plus
with minus since then I use a color she
black for ground and red for
hilarious
what a
pain so then H how the heck am I going
to do this
oh wait no three amps I'm fine I'm fine
this is just for the Pico and the um
stepper drivers which have take like an
amp okay we're good I think I'm ready to
go get the stuff
finally all
right I'm going to get a box of
stuff
e
e e
I just got these snacks they're so
good raspberry
pretzels that's so good
I bought this kit of these like 2.54 mm
Dupont connectors and it came with uh
like the female groups so it's like uh a
row of eight females in a in a yeah in a
row and they're all stuck
together and I watch a video about how
you use the crimping tool to like insert
the
pin um let me just go get it actually
I'm just going to get
it e
yeah maybe I could do
that okay so we
have these what do they call
them wait I have to watch that video
again I was not paying attention at
all
[Music]
helloow first we need to choose between
a male and female connector this is what
the two look like when complete
you'll want one of these metal
connectors they often come on a roll and
can be easily removed by bending back
and forth a few times this is the one
used for the female connections and this
is the male type they both share some
similar
features this open V end will hold onto
the insulation of our wire once
crimped the open u-shaped section will
make contact with the core of the wire
and then the remainder of the part makes
up the phys connection between your wire
and a device that you're wanting to
connect to once you've chosen your
connector we can place it into our
crimpers our crimpers have several
different sized recesses for the
different sized
connectors you can also remove this
screw turn the Cog and reinsert okay
okay enough enough
what gauge wire will these 2.54 mm um uh
um Dupont connectors uh
take 26 to
22 for
oh why is that an Arabic that's so
Random
for
for for
there kind of be a pain in the butt
okay
for
for for
okay so yeah we definitely need
okay I don't really understand so I have
these crimpers and I have these like
groups of female um Dupont uh connectors
but what I want is those they're like
these I don't know what they're called
but it came in the kit it's like
um here's what they call them they call
them 40 pin 2.54 mm single row but it's
basically just a bunch of these pins um
connected and you can sort of break them
off uh but there's shorter on one end
than the
other
and I'm pretty sure that I can
okay so let me try to actually do
it dude how do I not understand this
still
so we want to attach one of these little
pins the fale
okay so what you're supposed to do is
you're supposed to
do
this okay this is is they often come on
a roll and can be easily removed by
bending back and forth a few times this
is the one used for the female
connections and this is the mail type
they both share some similar
features this open vend will hold onto
the insulation of our wire once
crimped the open u shaped section will
make contact with the core of the wire
and then the remainder of the part wait
let's do a one by one
okay I have three
things and the
tool makes up the physical connection
between your wire and a device that
you're wanting to connect to once you've
ch in your connector we can place it
into our
crimpers our crimpers have several
different sized recesses for the
different sized
connectors you can also remove this
screw turn the Cog and reinsert the
screw to change the strength of the
crimp this lever here allows you to
release them without having to complete
the crimping action just pull the lever
upwards like
this we start the crimping by suating
the connector in the jaws of the crimper
for itself the v-shaped piece should be
facing upwards and pulled back so that
it stops against this
Ridge you can then partially close the
crimpers to hold it in place strip about
5 to 7 mm of insulation from your wire
and then insert it into the connector
check on the other side of the connector
that the wire has gone inside the tunnel
section before crimping if I show you
about the crimper in the way the
positioning should look like this it all
looks
[Music]
good okay
how do you release
it how do you release it what the hell
there we go oh you really have to clamp
it down I get
it okay wait but so
now you just put this thing in here
like
that oh and we could just remove that
okay so this is kind of what I'm going
to
do all right this will this will do so I
took off the little thing that comes
with
it and then we
get one of
these so we just need a
crimp 40
56 at least 56 of
these oh God
I don't know if anyone actually does
this
e
e e
okay how many of these do we get
though we only get 40 of them so I
actually need to go find some more CU I
definitely used well I used
one okay so time to do this 40 times or
oh we're going to need way more than
that yeah
we I I think I think I actually have a
bunch of them I actually know I have a
bunch of them
okay so we
need
uh that's
six that's eight
eight two eights we need
actually oh we we have so many of
these to do that's actually insane how
many of these we have to do um
oh there's more than 40 in here I don't
know why they said 40 oh there's 10
pieces there's actually
um 400 oh nice okay so we have plenty of
that of the little pin
things what was that that's 10 so we
need wait we
need two
two four okay so we have four eight pin
things and those will hold the stepper
drivers then we have we
need one two 3 we need four 10 pin
connectors so where are the 10 pin
connectors these look like 10 all right
nice let's get to
work all right this is going to be
boring as hell
man whatever I'll just leave it like
this this is not something
that's whatever
so okay now we need to pull out the
female and how many of these female do
we get we get 200 of
them which is definitely enough
okay all all
right you know some days you just got to
do something super repetitively actually
I do want to go get my camera I think it
would be fun to do look at a time lapse
of me assembling
this because it's just like it's so
freaking repetitive that every anyone
would be like wow this guy's got balls
um okay wait but I want
to these inside
for
[Music]
whoa that's high res
okay like this you can see the chat okay
we got the female connectors we got the
crimper we
got the
things and the pins this is all we're
doing for the next freaking hour then I
I thought I broke one off
already all
right so how should I do this I think I
should break them
off God this is so
annoying I feel like I must be able to
break them off in a better
way yeah that's insane okay so here's
going to be the pile of them I am going
to just get uh some cutters
okay all right so that's
two three
four five
the problem is I'm crimping them
though I need like Better Cutters I need
like
no I just don't know how I'm going to
make it take so little
[Music]
time it's going to take forever all
right wait hold on let me just try to
get good at this thing
I say we do
these some of these are up yeah
that's okay we have extras for a
reason so I'm just going to break these
off one at a
time okay so then you put this thing in
here
you kind of get it
down now that you have it
down put this thing in
here okay and it's
done and then he likes to do this thing
where you do it
again why is it locked
oh
okay okay so now we can just take this
okay one out
of however many I don't even want to
count
done okay let's just break off a bunch
of these one
5 6
n 10 dang we have a lot of work to do a
lot of nonsense
come
on there we
go let just pull this crap off we're
good all right this is not so bad
the question is let me go get the
breadboard because you can see it's kind
of spaced a little bit
weird they could be bent or something
[Applause]
let's see they only give us oh they give
us 81 pieces so we could do it with ones
and
twos if if the alignment becomes a
problem because sometimes the more pins
you have the more likely it is the
offset becomes an issue okay but right
now I'm having no issue so it's wide
enough that we're
good look at that the start of the
board all right let's keep it rolling
let's keep it rolling
yes this is working out this is working
out unfortunately it's working out
they're sort of hoping to not have to do
anything
today just get to buy something and wait
isn't it great when you have nothing to
do not
[Music]
really
for yeah man I should just order the PCB
and even if it's
wrong still
good yeah pretty
good all right so I think I'll be able
to reliably do this so
then we just solder this
in and then we can put the IC actually
kind of want to go get the IC
okay so we take one of these
out I think I actually bought four but
whatever so then
these going to go in
here oh it is eight I forgot I thought
it was 14
cool all
right let keep it pushing keep it
pushing
[Music]
all right one block down
okay so we have
three three so we
need
one
five and then
here
for for
okay what's up
oh where did it
go what is going on
oh
D what the heck I'm
doing no
for e
I actually like these crimp connectors
they're pretty
strong e
all right one motor controller done
or motor
driver okay so we are done
pile Oh it's on the board
yep
okay nice
okay
all right
dude I feel like these wire cutters
stink let me go see if I can find
something better this thing is not Sharp
Bam Bam Bam
Bam okay can't do this all the time so
take all these extra bits
get them out of
here e
yeah I hope by the end of the stream
that I'll have ordered pcbs that would
be cool because I'll be excited about
that that so funny that that video that
was sponsored by PCB way the guy was
using easy Eda that's so funny he had to
crop it out cu he was like oh
there's ads for easy Eda everywhere
I am just using a generic Eda
tool or ecad whatever you call
it I am using just generic
ecad nothing in
particular
oh for
no this one's no good
well
sweat shop Vibes sweat shop vibes VI
Sweatshop VI Sweatshop
VI where
Virginia M
Mama take me home
[Music]
yeah and we're we're saying that these
only going to take an amp about an amp
of
current everything else we using screw
terminals or heavy solder
yeah the thing to the solenoid is going
to be a screw connector for
sure okay I know there's one more but
I'm ready to it okay so now we just need
to do
this oh yeah we have
to for
oh we're almost halfway there this did
not take that long
wait this was a 10 that was a 10 we need
to count what the heck we're doing
here we oh well I mean it doesn't matter
because the I counted them out already
so we're good
p
for e
bro they're playing K night Joe what the
hell is
this what the hell is
this
e e
yeah that's enough for
now okay
oh that's probably how they're getting
bent like this actually I don't know
about that okay
for
for for
okay okay okay I'm ready to be done with
this
[Music]
for for
oh you know what I should have been
doing I should have been recording all
these wait let's do that I want a couple
of those
let's do some
ASMR
for for
yeah I'm G to I'm going to open up cap
cut and I'm going to do one of those
things where I just
like yeah yeah I just make a a bunch of
uh I just crop it exactly where I do the
crimp that'll be so satisfying plus then
I feel like I'll have a
uh a pleasing
all
right
for
for for
there's out of
water
for
e
for e
okay let's get back let's get back to
ASMR
for
for for
is
okay
no
okay FS fits FS fits feets
feets feets
how I need I need 5 plus eight
all
right and now we need 13 of
these
for for
off
okay
bab I don't even know if that's enough
one two 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 one
over not too
bad
for
for for
m
did we lose one yeah we
did
for
for for
all
right now we are ready to Plate our
dish butter
butter so it's going to be
like this
wait is
it is it on the third
one
yeah oh wait
and the
radio little bit of chicken
fry cold beer on a Friday
night oh oh you know what we're
going to have to do we're going to have
to
like have to like put these in first
it really doesn't look like these are
going to fit in
come on come
[Laughter]
on I think I know I think I see the
issue little bit of chicken fry cold
beer on a Friday night
all
right now how do we do the other
side I'm dumb as
hell I think I'm going to get another
Pico
actually this Pico is the one that I
soldered the headers on myself and
they're like
like they're like angled
a for
there's a there's a crow like right
above
me whatever it's a you got to take plus
it's good content I'd post it I got
on by a
crow is that
embarrassing whoa what the hell
come on get in there get in there
one of these pins is bent
man I didn't bend it
there
okay there we go a Pico with
headers now we just got to get it
in for
all right we did it we did it we did
it and now it's
okay so it's time to go get the
soldering iron and the whatever it's
called
all
right well done well done well
done
e
for
for for
all right all right let's let the games
begin I just got to clean up a little
bit and we can
[Music]
start so
oh
[Music]
luckily there's actually enough friction
that it holds it
in this should be an easy jobby easy
jobby cold beer on
Friday pair of jeans that look just
right and the radio
oh a little bit of chicken
fry all
right let's go
like right let
go
for
for for
f
oh
Jesus oh my God
literally a thousand crows just landed
right above me oh and now they're
gone this time of year the crows really
come around
for
okay so now the question is we
probably I think what I'm going to do is
I'm going to make 3 volts all around
because the only there's only really two
places that are not going to be near the
screw
terminals that
um okay so what was the circuit I don't
even remember what it was
if only fritzing didn't suck man and
suck meaning you have to pay for
it uh
okay so I need to go get
some ya and some
stos okay
for e
okay right let's just leave this on
okay so now we're giving 5 volts or 3
volts and that's pin five I believe
okay wait let me check the pin
out pin out pin out pin out Pico W pin
out pin five from there is 3 volts
perfect let's just make sure that
everything is good
cuz desoldering sucks so you want to
it's like a measure measure twice cut
once type of
vibe
okay now we are going to at the very
least going to do ground
okay that's two up three from the top or
wait yeah third from the top
I've been locked out of
heaven
okay what the hell is going on now we
need
a wor about that long
oh crap
i' been locked out
a
oh
see wait if we just do this
yeah let's just do it from under for the
first one and then it'll be locked
in okay now we can flip it over
I need to uh clean this
thing there we go looks a little bit
better
now all right so we got the ground
let's see how much stuff
needs well I guess the the thing is
actually though we sort of want to tie
cuz basically what I'm thinking about is
the micro stepping and the enable pins
and technically we want to put those all
on digital pins how many do we actually
get we get 28 digital
pins
um 28
I don't
know at the very least let's solder in
the
um these
guys should we give one of room
let's
see yeah we'll give one of room all
right if it becomes unsatisfiable then
too bad we tried our best
this this going to fall
out
nope but we do want it to be straight
though well let's do it from this way
then or actually you know what I'm going
to do it like this for
this is always the most annoying part
come on get out of there get out of
there okay so it's on two and two it's
one in
okay um yeah we can always flip it
around so it doesn't actually matter but
I'm pretty sure that's right actually no
it's not right but it doesn't matter the
point is just to get it
soldered
for
[Music]
for for
okay and then what did we do I I have
pictures of it on my phone
but okay let's see if we can get this
thing out of
here yeah we should have should have
done it one more so that you could get
over the lip with your
[Music]
nail
okay yeah I'd like to I'd like to get
all these out of here
actually just so that we know that it's
replaceable
I don't know this Pico does not seem
like it wants to go
anywhere there's a lot of force build
up I'm just going to leave the Pico in
these ones have a small enough pin count
that I feel like the friction isn't that
high but this Pico is not coming out
without snapping it in half or something
I don't know um so I'm going to
give this
thing let's give it another
I I'll space this one
one I feel like it'll be
[Music]
fine at
one but we need to this thing is so
loose we need to do the first joint like
this
one is all you need I
think I mean it's a metal bond that
seems pretty strong
am I pushing
it no
this seem kind of loose though I don't
know what that's
about e
all
right we are on our
way
um um
now we want to do the terminal
block is that what we want to
do I think I'm going to
attach 3 volts because if we look well
actually hold on
yeah it I'm doing it let's
go I'm not going to be paralyzed by
these dumbass nonsense
complications this is too short
it's that better
1/ half hour 2 half
hour okay so three volts all around
too much solder on that
one okay
so now let's wire this thing up I feel
like we need to figure out what the pin
out of this thing is
again cuz unfortunately I disconnected
both of them and now I don't remember
what what I need
oh it has it on the
bottom okay so this is how it's going to
go
okay I'm just going to well I don't even
have my phone on
me I'm going to take a picture of
this e
okay so how do I want to do this I want
to tight I want to do it
like what the hell
okay and then I'm just going to wait
here I'll just do a
video okay so now now I know which
orientation is is the flip
so okay so vote is in the
bottom left
okay and then I just want a
diagram so we're just going to do it by
hand or don't I actually have it over
here in Easy Eda
if I were to take this
oops copy and paste it and then just
rotate it like
this now see I don't think that's right
actually is
it oh I guess it is right yeah that's
right
there's
step sleep
reset micro step
enable
ground
voltage then 1B 1 a 2 a 2B ground
2 V
Moe all right
cool so yeah so we just want to
do and how do we want to do the
uh steppers cuz we need to be able to
disconnect the steppers so we'll
probably put oh you know what we could
just put male headers in there we could
just put male headers in there that's
fine okay so let's
do um
let's just put all the grounds in so
ground's going to be the second from the
last and the
last
okay oh we're going to need four of
these cuz I'm going to ground all the
grounds that I just in case I think
that's stupid
but then why are there two ground pins
though that's what I don't understand
just for convenience or
what okay so the second from the bottom
dude I don't know how those people who
make those aesthetic soldering videos or
whatever or breadboarding videos where
they like make every wire the perfect
length that takes so much patience bro I
do not have the patience for that
all right let's just get these two down
for for
okay now oh yeah I didn't do the other
two I feel like I don't need to do that
like what what's the point of ground one
and ground two oh you know what actually
no uh it's because they keep the V Moe
yeah okay I get it so we actually have
to do
both that's got to be what it is
otherwise it just doesn't make sense to
have two ground
pins why would you waste the why would
you D there's just no
reason I don't know I feel like it could
there could be another
reason so what is it it's the first
pin oh wait you guys can't see me
soldering
anymore let's do
this eh whatever
for
e for
okay now if we look at the pin
out I totally forget what I'm supposed
to put sleep and reset to
I don't think I need them right like do
I need to hook that I mean I have so
many digital pins that maybe might as
well okay I think we'll just handle
the and then the other thing is I don't
know about the
mosfet we'll probably I'll
probably unfortunately I'll probably
just hardcode the moset
because because I don't think that these
holders are going to be able to one I
don't think they're big
enough but then I need to look up I need
to look up the model of the mosfet and
make sure it's right okay so let's just
do um
yellow for step green for
dur
okay
so let's just
look we know it's going to
be where is it we know it's going to be
yellow for step
[Music]
oh yeah for the PCB we put them all on
one
side
whatever 16 and
17 okay what did it say step is yellow
step is yellow
okay green
all right so the first pin is dur which
is green which is going to be pin
16 okay then
yellow
for
for e
okay now let's do it for the next two or
the next
um
DWI Mr
DWI driver
whoa I made green too
long oh but it needs to go over
so that's ground than
this yeah this isn't long enough
oh
yeah oh
yeah oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah
okay okay
I love when you have the plated
it actually makes soldering way easier
too
okay so now we have
signal to
them we need to connect
voltage vdd to
them so we'll two of
these okay this one might
work bdd is pinned two yeah
[Music]
okay let's just do them incrementally
cuz then I don't forget anything I mean
I can just go over it at the
end for
okay
um so now what else do we need I I want
to make sure that this is right and I
don't know if I want to use um
wait a 4983 that's definitely not my
driver oh
wait oh wait that's so
Random
for
for for
okay
for
for for
I would
say
um okay how many pins do we need I think
I I think
I I think I wrote it down at some point
four pins for okay wait but at a minimum
four pins for the step there's two pins
for the esc's one for the
solenoid
and four total for both for all the
magnetic encoders so
that's
11 yeah we might as well just in case we
need
to um
okay so wait
so yeah yeah yeah if future proofs it a
lot if we just
um go for it so what do we need to do we
need to look at the uh pin
out and what do we have left we have
sleep or let's yeah
sleep uh
reset oh yeah three for the micro
stepping
uh and then
enable so this would add 1 2 3 4 5 6 12
pins how many do we even have on that
side if we look at the Pico pin out we
have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 yeah it's kind of annoying
which ones would we give
up I'd probably want to keep micro
stepping because I've been meaning to do
that for so
long um okay and then let's go back to
the pin
out um and then nothing on this side so
yeah so it's just these
eight I think I should just do it
because how many do how many say we have
28 I mean where else are we going to use
pins we might as well just use them all
we'll jump for the last few just to the
like top it'll look kind of ugly but I
don't really see a way around it we've
already kind of gotten oursel in a
hole that's what you do when you do
wiring it's just bound to
happen Okay so we want all of these to
go to digital
pins e
okay so what is the pin out on that
side okay it's
dur
step sleep
reset uh
ms3 MS2
ms1 uh
enable Okay so then this is
green this is
yellow what should I make reset
and
okay
okay what color should I make now the
inverted sleep the inverted reset the
micro step 3 micro step two micro step
one and the inverted enable what color
should I make those wires it's going to
be connecting a stepper driver to a
Raspberry Pi
Pico I don't have
gray I don't have orange
either I don't have brown
all right so we'll make sleep blue
blue we'll make wait what about micr
Step
2 white okay
reset resets going to
be white also
uh okay then microsof 2 is also going to
be
blue damn I wish I had more colors I
wish I had more
colors but
whatever um blue
yellow white and then what do about
enable
Brown I'll make this uh we'll just cycle
through it I'll make this blue
also they're green I'll make this
green I could make them all one
color let's make all the micr steps
White
no then it's hard to trace you kind of
do want it
blue
yellow white all right let's just do it
once it's done I'll do it I'll be fine
but I'm just tweaking out because I
don't know what it's going to look like
all right so sleep is
blue so we're going to have enough for
that side
okay so I'm going to do the far
one I'm going to do the far
one okay so
blue okay let's look at the pin
out okay it's right
there
blue white
[Music]
um blue white green making this
green blue white
green
yellow
blue white
okay so now it's going to be up to
there all right so let's just start
putting him
in All right so it's right above right
pin 15
down oh and we want to actually
attach wait can we attach run to a
digital pin dude I actually I've been
meaning to test run for a long time
presumably we can add that in
after but that would be awesome
man that'd be very cool
all right all right all right all right
all right all
right so the third one down
is
sleep third one down can we just do this
sleep
okay
um okay sleep
reset what did we say reset was
white okay wait this might not be long
enough
okay those two this one and this one
okay then it's ground
okay White NOW green for ms3
oh wait 13 oh God it's so annoying okay
wait 1 two three four five 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 13 okay so we need to go up one
great all
right wait how the hell are we going to
get to these we're going to have to move
these like that okay that's fine we can
do
that we can do that we can do that
okay green
yellow that's got to be long
enough is it so now 11 is
Run Okay so
10 it's not long enough I'm going to
make it
[Music]
longer m
okay and then the last
[Music]
one actually I don't like this
one I'm taking this out I'm making this
long cuz I feel like I this up
all right so let's just get these in
just two of them yeah
[Music]
t Okay the green one I think I I feel
like was
fine it's not 13 though it's
12 he need to be 29 yeah that's right
okay dude soldering and wiring it's just
like just brutal
well that's fine okay
isn't it 10 I thought it was
10 pretty sure it's
10 okay
maybe I should have put the Pico in the
middle
Pico in the middle probably would have
been a way better
idea and I would have flipped it around
so that I get all so because then I get
16 on this side which is perfect so then
whatever okay next time I would have
done it like that cuz that that's
honestly the way better way to do it
okay
um now we just need the last micro step
and
enable so so we're at
yellow now we're doing blue
this point I'm going real long with the
wiring okay so we were at
10 and we're using the
uh I kind of don't want to use those
why don't I want to use those dude I'm
just going to use
them Des soldering is not that
hard but do I am
pagi but doc I am
piai okay another another minute another
wre another the
wire
okay last one for this stepper
driver uh is going to
be white and it's the enable pin and
it's going to go to
so seven wait
eight eight is going to be
ground so we need seven right 1 two
three four five six
seven
okay but
doc I am p
okay so we're going to seven
okay now we just have about 30 more
wires to
go testing this is probably not
happening
today we'll at least be able to start
our other print
okay we have one stepper driver
done well not really so on the other
side how do we want to do this we could
put female or male it really doesn't
matter I guess I I guess the correct
thing is the male
then what's at the bottom there the
Moote
right all right so let's just do those
then
um let's not use this
all right so we're going to break off
one 2 three
4 One Two Three
okay I don't think I'm going to need
that for a minute
okay these These are always annoying
because they're not bent all my other
stuff is
bent so you have to do is you have
to it's going to be
tough it's going to be a little tough to
get it right
oh
there we go
there we go not bad not
bad
bagly e
all
right uh that was easy we're getting
there we just need to do um so now we
should keep them consistent with the
other stepper driver just so now that we
know so it's going to
go so we need the
blue we're doing blue white white green
blue
white blue white green blue white okay
now we need to go from here to
there man this is just the steppers
I want to get
blinkered off the Y
YY Bonker off the
YY
okay all right so now I feel like I
should just do them all so we got
blue
white for
maybe I should do it the other way
around I'm going to try it this way the
other way around cuz maybe that'll be
better than than what I have right now
so it's going to be so now we need to
figure out what pin this is going to be
this is going to go the highest one so
we have six left right so we have sleep
reset ms3 MS2 ms1 and enable so on this
left
side 1 2 3 4 five six so pin
14 so pin 14 is what we're doing
okay 14 that's it okay and we're sending
a long blue wire
there and then we can cut these sort of
all to the same length that's kind of
the advantage
okay so this goes
from here to
14 okay we're going to just do them all
so blue now white long white wire
okay then a
green it's probably long
enough then blue
again and then
white okay hopefully those are all
pretty good
I saw this Tik Tok of this electrician
and he had this wire stripper that cut
every wire to the exact same length
because it went like from the end it
looked
sweet just kind of jealous kind of want
one I just don't know if it has an
adjustable gauge on it cuz I wouldn't
want to just I I mean I don't know for
how much I do this maybe it's just worth
it but
like okay so we got blue now we need the
long white
one and that's going to go
to
then green
now yellow wait
what
blue blue white green yellow yellow I
didn't do yellow
okay now we're finally almost there blue
is next blue blue is
next wait wait wait wait wait whoa close
call there
wait so 14 so that's right but then we
just need to make sure that this is like
that okay close
call
okay and finally White
all right it's looking pretty good
actually
now we hope nothing shorts or falls out
while we do
this for
what the
hell for
okay I think I did it I mean that was
six yeah that's that's right I was
wondering about six but that's
right okay now
what other things are we going to
need
um we are going to need um wait where's
my bomb I have a bomb a bomb bomb
okay the
um oh how's the print doing I feel like
the print must be close now or did I
just check oh yeah 10 minutes okay so we
got 10 minutes left before we do the
next
[Music]
one I feel like I could get that all on
one plate yeah we'll just do it all in
one
something happened to the stream why did
it like completely tank
okay um what is next what is next we
need
to what else takes pins the encoders
oh yeah the esc's and the encoders that
in the mosfet
okay so yeah we have plenty of pins
we're in no shortage of pins cuz we have
how many left Let's see we you we have
four we have 10 pins left
I really like these breadboard
things I'm going to go get some pants
it's starting to get
cold
for
for for
I don't know
that okay let's see what do we have left
well we just want to be able to test
this thing right we want to test the
steppers maybe that's what we want to do
we want to be able to test the steppers
we can leave out the um the
esc's and the encoders I mean the
encoders I just don't even really care
about at the
moment so
um so I say we put this terminal block
in
here I'm going to put the terminal block
okay so we got the big ass wire solid
core and then we got terminal blocks 15
amps
so this is going to be where our power
one of our power supply outputs goes to
come on get down get
down it's
fine it's
[Music]
fine it's fine buddy
wait now that you have one pin you can
always flip it
over okay so supposedly this can take 10
amps
so um one side we need to tie the ground
right
yeah of
course where the heck did I put my
clip Clippers
oh wait but this is what this is what we
were
talk let see oh no thick wire will go
there okay I get it I think that it's
fine
all right all right all
right wait is it
arbitrary it should
be for
okay oh wait but we
don't okay that's Wait no that's not
fine that's sort of fine we'll figure it
out you have to hold it from underneath
and push down it's super annoying when
uh when you fill one of these holes that
you need to then later put something
in okay so the power supply
now yeah this is plus and this has more
output so I did this right but I kind of
got lucky cuz I forgot about
it but so
um what else really needs to go on the
board the only thing that needs to
really go on this board is the mosfet
the do and the dodes and
then and we need to figure that out
okay but let's just do the let's just do
the steppers and then we'll be able to
test the steppers
all right
let's go let's
go
okay and now we just
tie that to there
dude I can't wait to see this in 100x
just me moving my hands for fck for like
three
hours it's got to be fun to
watch at 100x
oh new thought just dropped better
inform the hive mind guys new thought
just dropped I better inform the hive
mine
okay we now have what should
be
um ready to test so yeah so let's test
this thing then I'm going to get
um the power
supply I am going to get just a stepper
motor just one of them and then I'll
test each in each uh separately I
guess I should be able to plug it in
while it's running
I don't see why you wouldn't be able to
do
that okay the software is going to be
kind of
annoying just because it's it's just
mapping pins you know it's like doing
the same thing it's like we know how to
map
pins I'm going to get some of those
pretzels
man
for
for for
okay we can do some assembly parts are
finished so let me
um let me start the other
print and I want to
actually wait can we select this this
thing oh that's so annoying I don't know
why it does that
do we still have the same thing these
collars I'll have no supports but this
tilt holder does have supports okay
perfect oh wait we need do
um
dope okay so we have these parts I'm
just going to put these inside cuz we
not going to do we're not going to do
the assembly I want want to try to test
this
for
e
[Music]
for
for for
7 e
all
right let's do this
thing
so
oh
for for
[Music]
the
for
for e
need that for a
minute for
this
8 hour day
bro I mean the wiring took so
long it's kind of annoying that wiring
takes so
long this is why you just order the pcbs
today or tomorrow I'm going to just
order the
pcbs cuz
like if it can handle the current and
I'd like to see if it can reliably for a
long
time I mean yeah
okay so here's what I think I should
do cuz the only thing we really
need is the
code and the code is super easy
but I'm being a little bit lame
okay
so let's
just I'm just going to make a note of
the perfboard pin
out in the read
me oh yeah hey I don't know if I said
this earlier on stream I'm starting to
work on cast 3 again I want to add
function Lambda calculus I want to add
um
I want to add condition bro conditional
or yeah just condition on pattern
matching I was looking at how it works
and the only thing that makes it so
whatever I'm not going to get into it
because I have stuff to do but like oh
man I was messing around so I added one
function I added apply so check this out
I was trying to add Unicode support
actually I made it issue on the on the
wolf from exper repo but
uh oh man I got to get co-pilot dude I
can't code without
co-pilot
um
s um Fusion
models wait actually we don't want to do
that
though we want to do
this well actually that we don't really
want to do this because first off I need
to rename this repo this repo is so
poorly named at first I just thought it
was going to be all my things but
then okay
um this is going to be the
um breadboard
perf board pinout or layout pin out pin
out I don't know um or yeah okay it's
going to be the Pico pin
out right so we're going to do it in
terms of
this okay so this is going to be
yaah
driver and then we have the pitch
driver okay so how does it go it
goes uh dur step wait dur step not not
sleep not re reset ms3 3 MS
ms1 not
enabled okay
so
um whatever okay so this goes
to
um the uh the okay yeah we just need to
write it down so
the wait this is yah we're talking about
yah so that goes so wait let's do
this so the
dur is green and it goes
to 16 this goes to 17 sleep goes to uh
yeah so this is the weird
one sleep goes to pin 1410
uh reset goes
to
11 12 13 14 and
15 okay the pitch driver is oh what the
heck the pitch driver is
um it's uh
18 and I think it just jump it just
walks it up right
20 21
23 wait
wait wait where why does it
jump what oh my God what I I'll have
enough but what the
heck why does it jump from GP 22 to 26
I'm looking at the Raspberry Pi Pico W
pin out and I I don't get why does the
why does general purpose pin 22 just
just jump to 26 where's 23 24 and
25 oh yeah up here
oh they keep the pin out the same but
then they just crimp it that's kind of
goofy but
whatever all right so then
26 where are we we're
doing uh this and this okay so this is
going to be 20
6 27 and 28 and let's just check yeah
all right so we're
good usually I reconnect pretty
quickly yeah it always reconnects so
fast I feel like YouTube might be a more
reliable platform
honestly um
[Music]
okay so yeah so just write this code
um yeah so okay
great this is the pins for two stepper
drivers uh write the micro python code
to test both of
them it's probably going to be
great I bet this code works
man do we have a constant
delay what is that 100
100 uh milliseconds no no no 10
milliseconds that's probably
good all right so let's go find a
stepper
motor
for
[Music]
e
for
spe
[Music]
spe for
watch out my
dudes oh my God okay so I got that stuff
so we got the power supply and then I
got the
stepper here you just got to take it
apart okay
I think that is an M5 all
right all
righty I'm actually kind of looking
forward now that I've done it I'm kind
of looking forward to uh assembling the
the the Tilt cuz I haven't had a tilt
system in like weeks it feels like I
don't even remember when I had tilt but
that was a long time
ago oh yeah
okay and
M3s all right
let's get it my man let's get it I've
been meaning to take this apart for so
long I mean just haven't needed it
because those big ass Motors I mean it
really took me so many like random I
mean I don't know what I've been
doing been just doing random
crap I don't know what that's about
okay so now we have a Seer motor and we
just have to take this
out and then plug it
in I wonder I want to see the robotic I
want to see a robot do the crimping I
feel like that'd be
sweet okay so let's
um let's do this thing we got the
um okay
all right
so we
uh yeah we want
to do that later so I need a screwdriver
freaky
freaky word Frey
Frey
word wait why why do we even have this
thing perfect
okay get that electric speed controller
out of
here okay so we have a power
supply the power supply is 12 volts and
it can do 15
amps
and we are going to run 15 amps through
this little cable no actually I'm not
not I'm not going to do
that okay
okay now we just need ground and I'm
going to finally retire
this
ground and get my
tool
Nina dude it's so hard to learn oh my
God I don't remember any of the vocab
dud I've been talking to GPT 40 or voice
that is
insane I just can't remember the words
though
let's make it
long should we make it
long cuz what what is this going to be
no yeah this is going to be short this
is going to sit on top of here like this
next to okay that's so it's going to be
like that so we you want it to be not
that
long you want it to be kind of the same
length as this
thing dude look at this wire man now
that is some I mean for what I do that's
some serious
wire 16 gauge wire man who Do You Think
You Are
um where's m
[Music]
okay
awesome we are
good
um all right we're good we're literally
just ready to run the code and plug this
thing in so let's just do it should I
test it oh you know what I need to do
though I need to
um use these and I need to go over this
so let's
um okay so yeah we just need to go over
all these long wires and prevent any
weird shorts
nothing's going to happen it'll be
fine oh well maybe that
one for
you guys seen those videos of it's like
a super up close video of metal being
cut it's it it it moves way different
than you think it would it moves hella
weird
yeah dude I should make a recording
button like a big red button saying
recording and if I'm stream dude that's
such an easy one- day build I feel like
that's a fantastic thing to do
big recording button that's great that's
very good big ass recording button or
like uh Light Recording
light all right we're good I'm I'm
procrastinating I'm freaking stalling
man all right so
um all right so yeah you got to just try
it if it works it it works but um
what I don't really like is I don't want
to put the
um I don't want to put this thing on the
metal casing of that in case it's like
actually something weird
all right I'm turning it on I'm it
I'm running the code and I'm turning oh
wait we need a micro USB
cable yeah I got one just handy bro cuz
I do this all day every day I got
what I need man and I'm fast at
it all right we might need to flash this
thing oh we do need to flash this thing
okay so let's just do do
that this I feel like is the easiest way
to flash it is just to load this guy up
okay so
uh where's that
code so initialize driver it sets the
dur pin to
zero keep
awake reset
pin and then no micro stepping
okay all right sounds
good this code looks great
okay
um
stepper all
pins okay now we are going
to do micro
python connect
and then we are going to just run
it okay and we re are connected to the
yaw motor but uh we need to plug this
thing
[Music]
in this is the moment of truth moment of
truth does it
work I really hope it works
[Music]
oh it works oh it works
baby okay wait I need a flag I don't
know where I have a stepper hat it's
probably in my pile of let's see if it
let's see if I can capture it on
camera it
might there you go it's moving
uh so let's test the other
one oh it
works um I'm glad it works I'm glad it
works it works it works it
works it works cool so oh here's a
better way to see that that it's working
you have to wait until it rolls back
around heck yeah heck yeah all
right oh wait so I want to play around
with micr step
okay um awesome
now write
a uh tester code for micro wait hold on
what is this chip called micro stepper
for the a
a4988 okay wait well we'll just um
is it 16 I don't think it's 16 let me
Google the stepper
uh oh I did only buy two of these no I
think I bought some I can't remember
maybe I only bought these
two oh it is 116 step okay
cool all right so let's copy this code
test micro
stepping I'm so glad I'm finally doing
this Steve told me to do this like
literally a month ago a freaking month
ago can you believe that all right so
we're doing the yaw first so let's just
move this over to
here it's so cool that I can now uh
sleep this thing and do all sorts of
stuff
okay
um what is a better script that shows
the advantages and disadvantages of oh
that tab is great
micro stepping and the
different
mod very
smooth oh it's still going
okay so wait but I don't really I won't
really know until I actually
like
uh whatever
is it
doing wait what I should do instead is
do
um fix this code to do one
revolution for each
mode I just want to know like how slow
with the same
delay also why isn't there eight
different
modes wait why is the initialize
no I thought that
wait wait I
thought
oh yeah we need to do
this okay so we're going to copy this
I don't know why it
didn't maybe maybe they default
to
uh do pins on the Pico default to off to
the for the digital output pins like do
they start off low
oh yeah but did I set them oh but I set
them as output okay but whatever I still
like initialized driver cuz it's the
same as reinitialized driver technically
so just put it just guarantees it's in
the right
State
um so let's uh let's uh so do we have
this code now can we run
this wait what oh
yeah oh that's fine
okay we should just make a struck for
motor or whatever
yeah wait
what is this going to break things
okay why is it starting with eighth
step it's kind of weird
wow it takes so
long okay I think that's a pretty good
ending to The
Stream 9 hours we it took us to do this
and oh and print some stuff it just
takes so long I swear okay so the next
thing it's clear I'm just going to take
the risk and order pcbs
because one they'll be smaller and I can
put Mountain holes on them and I can
learn the process of like because the
thing is with
the synth it's not scalable but what is
scalable is just spending the money and
the time to do the design and control a
bunch of machines in another country but
uh um I mean because really that's way
better
but I am still worried about the current
I'm still worried cuz the thing is the
downside to just spending the money is
that it it takes more time like this in
the short term I mean in the long term
it takes less
time
well depends right
cuz it takes delivery is going to take
time
so but the thing is if I just ordered it
and I had stuff in the pipeline to do
then like other stuff which I guess I
probably do
well in this moment I kind of don't
because I need a reliable way to do high
current
because we just need to get the solenoid
working with the power supply we need
this device to control the whole system
because before I was doing two different
ones because I was worried about
anyways I think
uh uh I think uh this is pretty good and
we'll try to order the pcbs tomorrow
I'll finally finish that well that'll
probably take
like that'll take a while actually wow
this thing's heating up all
right awesome so why don't we just
delete this one because it doesn't work
and let's see what changes do we
have oh the kai cat is in here bro the
kai cat was not even what was I thinking
eat the whole REO with the thing all
right what do we
have yeah just making this thing
generally
weirder for